Yeah, gangsta Dresta steps in this muthafucka and this one goes out tah all
the
O.G.'s out there and I can't forget about the baby gangstaz, what's up
n****z, my
n**** they came back with some of that old school original west coast shit
n**** that
got all of y'all in this dig in the first place yeah so run that shit E, yeah
........
Cruisin' down tha street in my '64
Jackin' tha freaks clocking tha dough
Went to tha park tah get the scoop
Knuckleheads out there come shootin' some hoop
A car pulls up who can it be
A fresh El Camino rollin' Kilo G
He rolled down his window and he started to say
It's all about makin' that GTA
'Cuz tha boyz in tha hood are always hard
Ya come talkin' that trash we'll pull ya cord
Knowin' nuthin' in life but tah be legit
Don't quote me boy 'cuz I ain't said shit
(Straight up, straight up, straight up gangsta wrong n**** tah fuck wit
Straight up, straight up, straight up gangsta wrong n**** tah fuck wit)
Dotomy's in tha place tah give me the pace
He said my man JD is on free-base
Tha boy JD was a friend of mine 
'Til I caught him in my car trying tah steal a alpine
I chase him up tha street tah call a truce
Tha silly cluckhead pulls out a deuce deuce
Little did he know I had a loaded 12 gauge
One sucka dead L.A. Times front page
(Punk, punk muthafuckaz like it ain't no thang,
Punk, punk muthafuckaz like it ain't no thang)
Bored as fuck and I wanna get ill
So I went to a place where my homeboyz chill
n****z out there makin' that dolla'
I pulled up in my '64 Impala
They greet me wit a 40 and I start drinkin'
And from tha 8-ball my breath start stinkin'
Enough tah get my girl tah rock that body
Before I left I hit tha Bacardi
I went to her house tah get her out of the pad
Dumb hoe said something that made me mad
She said something that I couldn't believe
So I grabbed tha stupid bitch by her nappy-ass weave
She started talkin' shit what did ya know
Reached back like a pimp slapped tha hoe
Her father jumped up and he started tah shout
So I bombed on pops knocked his old ass out
(And if a brotha talks shit I give him a,
And if a brotha talks shit I give him a,
And if a brotha talks shit I give him a)
Verse Four:
Now I'm rollin' hard now under control
Them wrapped tha '64 around a telephone pole
I looked at my car and I said,"Oh brother!"
Thrown in the gutter and go buy another
Walkin' home and I see tha G-ride
Now Kat is drivin' Kilo on tha side
As they busted a U they got pulled over
A undercovered cop in a dark green Nova
Now Kat got beat for resisting arrest
He socked tha pig in tha head for rippin' his Guess
Now he is caught for doing tha crime
For defense on tha boy he'll do some time
(I'll punk you like that, don't give a fuck,
I'll punk you like that, don't give a fuck,
I'll punk you like that, don't give a fuck,
I'll punk you like that, don't give a fuck)
Verse Five:
I went tah get them out but there was no bail
My n****z caused a riot in tha county jail
Two days later in municiple court
Kilo G on trial straight caught a fought
Instruct him out tha court said the judge
On a six year sentence my man didn't budge
Bailiff came over tah turn him in
Kilo G looked up and gave a grin
He yelled out fire then came Susie
Tha bitch came in wit a submachine uzi
Police shot tha girl but didn't hurt her
Both up state for attempted murder
19 muthaphukkin 93,
and I'm back in this bitch,
Eazy- muthaphukkin- E, the hip hop thugster...
Shouts go out to these fake as notorius,
ha ha ha, muthaphukkin wanna bees...
I like to say what's up to my bitch Dre, ha ha,
what's up honey...
Hold on cuz E makes some moe money, baby.
And to that skinny as, punk muthaphukkin main G az Dre,
Snoop doggy, doggy dogg, what's up n****, dogg catcha's
about to get ya...
Muthaphukkin mud...
And if y'all n****z don't know what's up, 
y'all better act somebody, y'all better act somebody,
y'all better act somebody, ha ha ha...
Todays a good day to die! (lady screaming)
Bow wow wow yippie yo yeppie yah
Suck on these nuts n**** suck on these nuts
I tell em bow wow wow yippie yo yeppie yea
Suck on these nuts n**** suck on these nuts
Ain't nuthin but Eazy baby
He'll smoke two n****s cuz they crazy
Talk a gang of shit but it dont phase me
That punk n**** Dre still pays me
Well if it's on motherfucker then it's on G
Now if it's on motherfucker than its on G
Hey Mister prankster prankster
Story book gangster
Back in 86 you wore pumps and masscara
Down did the motherfuckin wreckin crew bid
But once a bitch always a bitch
And now the fuckin switch
Fag with a steathoscope now you sag
Body slammn bitches makes Dre a bigger man.
Cackies sportin loc's in a G ride
What set you from loc what set you from ride?
Rip Vanwinkle sleepin n**** woke up and became a G
But you still dont impress tha E-Z.
Smoke a little sherm now you call that shit the chronic
n****s on the West side call it bionic
I make a mill here make a mill there
Fuck a bitch here fuck a bitch there yeeeeah
(Chorus 2X)
*Scratched in* Tell ya motherfuckers who your fuckin with
Old n**** Eazy-E went to the Cuppard
To get Snoop Doggy Dogg a bone motherfucker.
Here's
Another G or should I say a H, a I, a J, a K, a L-M-N-O-P
P for the pussy wussy wuffin n**** broke
As a motherfuckin joke
Talkin about you want to smoke tha E to tha A-Z-Y
n**** this EAST SIDE Snoop Doggy Doggy Dogg you wanna try
187 on the E that ya sing
But you cling on my balls when I swing my ding-a-ling
Yeah you got more just like a pint of puppy water
First I'm gonna choke ya Then I smoke ya
Then I'm gonna toss ya in the back of my trunk
With the other punk
Smoking Death Row like I smoke a Phillie Blunt
Well if it's on motherfucker than its on G
If it's on motherfucker than it's on G
(Chorus 2X)
Still a n****,
Once a n****
Always a n****
Down from the get go
Never let go
Never flossin
Never slippin
Never trippin
Stickin dick and my balls down your throat doggy listen
n****z from the LBC
They never heard of ya G
and n****s from the CPT aint down with D-R-E
But ya gave it up,
Still like a trooper
Let 'em play ya jam shake ya hand and then they shoot ya
You can fool the people on the east coast an the mid-west
But In LA you still cant pass the test
See I can tell a pussy when I see one
Dre wearing lip stick that mean ya have to be one
You need to change your sex and your occupation
You try to fuck with E n**** Run Run Run
Cause if it's on motherfucker then its on G
Now if its on motherfucker then its on G
This is a real life jack in progress. n**** give up your shit or take
two tha chest with tha cripness
cuz I aint fuckn around G,so take a look at a real at a real live n****
that craaazy and get ready to
die loc,any last wordz before your ass gets smoked,it aint a joke cuz my
pockets is broke my friend
thats why I gotta do u in. Give up your endz and your gold and your
Nik's and anything else I
might like and then Im off in the wind again to catch tha next sucka
slippn taken two to tha chin.
Im on a role two n****z in one night didnt even have to fight,just
pulled out my 9 to end anothers
life. Thats real life so forget tha silly shit you heard,Now n**** tell
me do you have any last
wordz.
"Cuz its the end of tha world and still n****z aint got no satisfaction.
So I take my 9 put it on my
???? for some cop now Im blastn,cuz Im known as a G and Im coming from
tha Cpt. And you
should know bitch ass n****z running back cant fuck with Eazy"
"Word'em up"several times
Another murder I comitted made front page a n**** dead from a drive by
did with a 12 gauge. The
first stage of insanity people say it aint wise to get faded off the
ST.Ides. A mother cries,another
son lies in a casket,life was fun while it lasted. Tha silly bastard had
to get caught,tripn and set
tripn,you should of seen that n****z blood dripping.To many lives took
to many hearts broke,but
you dont hear me so you see my fuckn gun smoke. Some ask why do I take
so many lives from the
innocent little ones. But where I come from we take shit real,you peel
caps so you gotta get your
cap peeled. Grab your steel forget about what you heard,its Do or Die
n****,any last wordz?
"Cuz its the end of tha world and still n****z aint got no satisfaction.
So I take my 9 put it on my
???? for some cop now Im blastn,cuz Im known as a G and Im coming from
tha Cpt. And you
should know bitch ass n****z running back cant fuck with Eazy"
"Word'em up"repeated several times
I got tha 9 and Im fixing to str8 creep,feel I need to take another life
so I peep. Checking the
scene,but staying low so Im not seen case I gotta get away gotta make
tha shit clean G. So Im
looking for a victim.Gotta be right,took my time and I picked him,Scoped
shit then I licked'em now
Im back in the news,no clues,but yet another murder. You should of heard
the n**** squill when I
stuck his ass,I had to grin cuz its funny n**** fuck his ass. He aint
tha last and surely aint tha first
G,but his monkey ass rolled away in a hurst G. So Im feeling some what
relieved,just another day
in tha life of tha E-Z. A real G so forget tha silly shit you heard,its
do or die Eazy-E gets that last
word.
"Cuz its the end of tha world and still n****z aint got no satisfaction.
So I take my 9 put it on my
???? for some cop now Im blastn,cuz Im known as a G and Im coming from
tha Cpt. And you
should know bitch ass n****z running back cant fuck with Eazy"
"Word'em up"several times
Comp-ton.. Comp-ton.. Comp-ton
Real muthaphuckkin G's...
Real muthaphuckkin G's...
Real Muthaphuckkin G's...
Hey yo Doctor, here's another proper track
and it's phat, watch the sniper, time to pay the piper
And let that real shit provoke
So youse a wannabe 'loc, and you'll get smoked, and I hope
that your fans understand when you talk about playin me
The same records that you makin is payin me
Motherfuck Dre, Motherfuck Snoop, Motherfuck Death Row
Yo, and here comes my left blow
Cause I'm the E-A-Z-Y-E and, this is the season
to let the real motherfuckin G's in
You're like a kid you found a pup and now you're dapper
But tell me where the fuck ya found a anorexic rapper?
Talkin about who you gon squabble with and who you shoot
You're only 60 pounds when you're wet and wearin boots
(Damn E, they tried to fade you on "Dre Day")
But "Dre Day" only make Eazy's pay day
All of a sudden Dr. Dre is the "G Thang"
But on his old album cover he was a she thang
So n**** please, n**** please, don't step to deez
motherfuckin real G's!
"Yo Dre, what's up?" {*bang*}
"Boy you should have known by now.."
"Yo Dre, what's up?" {*bang*}
"Boy you should have known by now.."
Everyday it's a new rapper, claimin to be dapper than the Dresta
Softer than a bitch, but portray the role of gangsta
Ain't broke a law in your life
Yet every time you rap you yap about the guns and knife
Just take a good look at the, n**** and you'll capture
the fact that the bastard, is simply just an actor
who mastered the bang and the slang and the mental
of n****z in Compton, Watts, and South Central
Never ever once have you ran with the turf
But yet in every verse claim you used to do the dirt
But tell me who's a witness, to your fuckin work
So you never had no bi'ness, so save the drama jerk
n****z straight kill me, knowin that they pranksters
This is going out to you studio gangstas
See I did dirt, put in work, and many n****z can vouch that
So since I got stripes, I got the right to rap about that!
But n****z like you, I gotta hate ya
Cause I'm just tired of suburbian n****z talkin about they come from projects
Knowin, you ain't seen the parts of the streets G
Think you started tryin to bang around the time of the peace treaty
Wearin khakis and mob while you rhyme
Little fag, tried to sag, but you're floodin at the same, time
And your set don't accept ya
Scared to kick it with your homies cuz you know they don't respect ya
So n**** please, check nuts before ya step to deez
motherfuckin real G's
Welllllllll.. it's the Knocc Out, definition orginal baby gangsta
Approach me like you hard, motherfucker I'ma bank ya
Shank ya, with my fuckin shank, if I haveta
Dr. Dre and Snoop Doggy Dogg are fuckin actors
Pranksters, studio gangstas, busters
But this time you're dealin with some real motherfuckers
G's, n**** please, don't try to step
cause if you do, then a pealed cap is all that would be left
See young n****z like me, will break ya off somthin
Claimin my city, but Dre you ain't from Compton
n****z like y'all is what I call wannabeez
and ain't shit compared to real motherfuckin G's
"Yo Dre, what's up?" {*bang*}
I never met a O.G., who never did shit wrong
You tried to diss the Eazy-E, so now n**** it's on
You and your Doggy Dogg, think that y'all hoggin shit
Both of you bitches, can come and suck my doggy dick
Beatin up a bitch don't make you shit, but then again
some n****z think it makes a man
Damn it's a trip how a n**** could switch so quick
from wearin lipstick, to smokin on chronic at pic-nics
And now you think you're bigger
But to me you ain't nothin but a bitch-ass n****
that ain't worth a food stamp
And at Death Row, I hear you're gettin treated like boot camp
Gotta follow your sergeant's directions
Or get your ass pumped with a Smith & Wesson
Learn a lesson from the E's
Stay in your place and don't step to real motherfuckin G's!
"Yo Dre, what's up?" {*bang*}
"Boy you should have known by now.."
"Yo Dre, what's up?" {*bang*}
"Boy you should have known by now.."
"Yo Dre, what's up?" {*bang*}
(Dr.Dre: "I still express yo I don't smoke weed or sess"
BITCH!!!
Ah, greetings eartlings, and welcome to the motherfuckin'
wonderful, wonderful, motherfuckin world 
of gettin higher than a motherfucker
Ohh me?  I'm funk on your mind 
alias to you motherfucker's roach clip
And this here's my Kimosabe dumpin shit on yo ass 
and my n**** goes by the name of BG Ashtray 
and we 365, that means we fucked up all the way around
And our motto is..
(Gettin higher than a motherfucker, down to tha last roach)
Creepn through this cloud of smoke 
with a little bit of funk to make ya choke in
Gangstas come feel good inside
as we take you for a ride to another dimension
Deep from a 4-0 O-Z
Two crooked ass n****z on a cosmic journey
Straight from the planet G 
where the real n****z dwell in the realms of Ruthless
Took a puff of the indo spliff
High like a bird as I creep to the bud spot
Break me off a proper piece so I can get fucked 
with my n**** roachclip, BG Ashtray, dump that ash tray
Ruthless family, high as can be
Smoke that ?? psychadelically insane 
and gettin higher than a motherfucker
(Gettin higher than a motherfucker, down to tha last roach)
As I step through the smoke
Deep from a land broke n****z dont come to
Straight to Indonesia
Chronic fever step off punk we dont need ya
Blaze a blunt to the boogie
and come take a ride on a journey with a real G
life is easily explained on the level
of smokin bud with the motherfuckin Devil in my imagination
Sup with these thoughts what a fly creation
Indo smoke from the land of G'z
Letting them know they can't handle these
n****z, straight from the planet Dime
I have come to put funk on your mind
Eazy-E better known as Mr. Roach Clip 
so pass the bud cuz we still gettin higher than a motherfucker
(Gettin higher than a motherfucker, down to tha last roach)
Now I'm real fucked up yes high as hell
Ring ding ding do I hear some bells 
or am I just trippin 
thinkin about that 4 that I'm dippin
Front, back, side to side
on corners that's how a n**** gotta ride
Dip to the, dip to the back
Bumpin' Eazy-E on 8 track
So blaze up a another skunky, funky, dookie, doobie,
so we can get loogied
Up some more, up, up it go
What's my name "Eazy-E" yo
The motherfuckin bud smokin' loc'n 
when I'm high as a kite causing ruckus yeah!
gettin higher than a motherfucker
(Gettin higher than a motherfucker, down to tha last roach)
(Below is asked to E while music is still playing)
Q: Substance
E. Mar-a-Mutha-Fuckn-Wana
Q. Common slang names
E. Pot, grass, dope, weed, homegrown, sinsemilla,
   Maui-wowie, thai sticks, joints, roaches, indica,
   concentrated rezi called hash or hashish;
   but some n****z call it bud
Q. Active Ingrediant
E. Tetra Hydro Cannabinol.. THC
Q. Source
E. Cannabis Sativa
Q. Form a callogic classification
E. CNS Depressive Hallucigent
Q. Medical Use
E. Experimental only,oh yeah we still testing...
   and don't forget we still gettin higher than a motherfucker
("Str8 off tha streetx of Compton,dedicated and by most suckas
hated. But I got something I want you mutha fuckas to know I
really dont give a fuck,hahaha.")
n****z aint shit in the 90's I dont trustem and bitches on my
dick but they aint shit so mutha fuckem. Eazy knows whats up cuz
see he really dont give a fuck cuz it dont concern me if dont
pertain to money or a nut. But then again I talk to a few of my
friends 9 times outta 10 bout some endz or some skinz. Cuz Im tha
type of n**** that gotta have it like a rabbit,rappn is my hustle
bustn ho's is a habbit.I stab it like a true no good n****
should,I do it the way a down OG n**** would. And now n****z know
Eric Wright aint no busta,Another platnium cut from tha Compton
Thugsta, My name is "Eazy-E"
"Eazy Mutha Fuckn E, A real n****, Born and Raised in Mutha Fuckn
Compton, This ones dedicated to you busta ass n****z ,you know
who you are. Smoke a fat ass joint to this BITCH!!!HAHAHAH"
I dont think Im all this or that but Im all me original Gangsta
E-A-Z-Y-E. Down from tha Jump now Im ending with tha bizya,still
rollin in my 6-4 on them thizangs. Do wicked shit,cuz shit is
wicked on the streetz and from what my eyes see the wickedness
will never cease. Bitches on my dick and ya know Im running yall
so ya just sold your soul to tha mutha fuckn devils son in law.
Wicked as could be Eazy-E got tha flow.LEAVING A SMELL OF DEATH
ON THA ROW FOR SURE(or Show). And a ho cant make me or break me
but she can take me to a motel and work a n****z smell.Cuz Im
"Eazy-E"
"Yeah,suck on these nutz mutha fucka's, Get with tha real and
quit faking tha funk. And oh yeah,stay off my dick,haha,really
doe,hahaha"
I let my demons loose when I hit tha 8 juice, and I leave a trail
of stiff's when Im high off of a spliffs.n****z talk shit so I
talk a lot of shit to, n****z want diss fuck them and their whole
crew. In fact n**** thank ya for stocking a n****z bank up yeah
Im living swell but Im gangsta like Dresta,no NOT tha
Doctor,physician,or the MD, Dresta's an OG Doc is a PHONY. Only
the real real can chill with me and tha rest cant fuck with E.
Cuz Im tha OG that'll bring ya down,tha devils son in law KING of
tha underground. Good to go with tha flow that I throw,giving ya
more to let a mutha fucka know. That I can get wreck on tha set
and make ya slow cuz yeah know I aint a joke Im a mutha fuckn Loc
and my name is "EAZY-E"
"Eazy Mutha Fuckn E,but you bitches can just call me E.A real
n**** from tha CPT. Kickn ass and asking questions later...Oh
yeah,dont get smoked Loc...And Im out.....Mutha Fucka's (echo
Mutha Fucka's)"
Cruisin' down tha street in my '64
It's like that and it's like this
I took her to tha pad and we started tah kiss
Now my dick's on hard ya know what I'm thinkin'
Took tha panties off and the pussy wasn't stinkin'
Pulled off my draws and we started to begin
Now tha pussy's wet so my dick slides in
Oh, hiddy hiddy hiddy you hoe
Ridin' from the back so I'm fuckin' kinda slow
So fee fie foe fuck fum
She's scratchin' on my back oh here she comes
Now I gotta get a nutt gotta get a nutt gotta get it quick
Ya know because I love this shit so
Gimmee that, Gimmee that, Gimmee that nutt
Okay back back to the fuckin' basics
You got yours and mine ya want tah taste it
Open wide oh no don't 'cha waste it
Oh shit all over ya face kid
Ya know ya know one thing
You know me I like to slang
That dick you know what so roll over girl while I stick it in ya
But I'll turn it wild while I'm ridin' that ass scream and shout
My name is the same 
Just another pussy that I had tah tame soooooooo
uh, get it on baby
uh, get it on baby
uh, get it on baby (lick my ballz honey)
Now I love pussy (love pussy)
And pussy loves me (pussy loves me)
Like a lemon to the lime and the bubble to the bee
Ya know its real good a n**** can't resist it (it's real good)
Couldn't be a foot loop (can't be a fag) so don't get me twisted
'Cuz in some pussy is the place tah be
Always fuckin' is the life for me
Spread them legs open far and wide
Fuck this shit just let me put my dick inside soooooooo
uh, get it on baby
uh, get it on baby
uh, get it on baby (gently put the ballhaaaaa)
Gimmie this, gimmie that, gimmie this, gimmie that
Bitch, step back and don't try to jack
"But mister dopeman, dopeman, can I get a hit?"
No, hoe but you can get my duck sick...
But let me finish my story as I was sayin'
I told you lil locs aint playin'
Gotta roll with the bunches
Cant help the travellin' bunches
Now aint that somethin'
Just a case a few n****z try to trip
Bone-out, put on my skimask
And come back blastin'
Cause n****z my height don't fight
My name is Eazy-E
You're mothafuckin' right
They must to thought I was a busta
Wearin' your bullet-proof vest
So what's next?
I got my nine fitted up with deadline
And don't let me hit the wetbomb
So watcha wanna do?
The red, white and blue, I got some for you too
Cause it gonna be on when i'm kickin' down my dough
So say hello to my new 44...
I'm a type of n****...
That smokes mothafuckaz...
That smokes mothafuckaz...
I don't give a fuck fuck...
Smoke mothafuckaz...
I'ma smoke mothafuckaz...
Cause I'm the "E"
So you can kiss my black ass
Fuck the white house, it aint my house
So you can burn the mothafucka down for all I care
Cause t-shirts and khakies is all I wear
I'm from the city where they show no pitty
For a punk ass mark in the park
Blow his brains out, stuck him in the bushes
Take his gat, leave his ass for the rats
And let me hit that cisco, I got a 187 on my pistol
Warrant by the LAPD
Key for puttin' in work out my trade
Because the president never simp
One dumb dog to my residents
I'm goin' crazy like 1980
I need my ends, fuck you, pay me
Or I'ma have to get the strap
My nutty O.G. buddy Big Black
I make you shit in your pants
And shake like jelly
So tell off my homie said hello...
I'm a type of n****...
That smoke mothafuckaz... 
That smoke mothafuckaz...
I don't give a fuck...
Smoke mothafuckaz...
Smoke mothafuckaz...
Like it aint no thang...
You cant check a checker
But when you wanna try let me know
I got the strecher on stand-by
Starvin' for a n**** like you
The things is much bigger 
Than the trigger
So I can show how to put in work:
The Ruthless-network drive-by experts
Straight outta compton kickin' up dust
The place where guns don't get a change to rust
I warned them and they still approached me
Now I got two more golf-hats for my trophy
I got a brand new trend, it's killin' men
Who is that? That's my little friend...
I don't give a fuck...
I don't give a fuck...
I don't give a fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck...
I don't give a fuck...
I don't give a fuck...
Smoke mothafuckaz...
Like it aint no thang...
hahahah 5150,,,,hahahahah tha home for tha sick hahahahah
But I got something I want everybody to know
hahahahahahahaha
Hey buddy boy,hey buddy (pisp)(pisp) buddy boy,hey,
You know who you are mutha fucker.hahahahah
You thought I couldnt do it with out ya right,hahahahahah
You stupid mutha fucka,but anyway,buddy,Im Baaaaaaack
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahaa
EAT A DICK UP MUTHA FUCKA
Only if you want it
Yes I really want it
(x4)
Can I get an eye open up
Eazy locin' up
smokin' up
much dust like a nut what
give it up for the real stuff 
shut the what up 
back the shut up what
hustler from the hood hoe
hopin' and mud rub
the finishin' touches
would sure went rubbers
comin' in bunches 
could serve like lunches
hold ya horses here's where the source is
not very tall but never took a short kid
with a clip to claw
wouldn't draw Mcgraw
I trick a law before all and all I'm raw
a naughty shorty, sporty with a forty
a laddy takin' tours, just to plan an orgy
a nasty critter, any hoe hitter
hated my babysitter cause she wouldn't let me hit her
now get up on it, on and on get on it
and I will pump it, only if you want it.
Only if you want it
Yes I really want it
(x4)
Here's something from the ding dong cause
I really care how long ya been strong grown
here comes the switch dome chrome
couldn't hang with the king
out the rudder but I call for a yes y'all toots
my style is just as fresh as a dusch bush
I face ya fact throw a heck just like woody wooder
and if I left that means I should of booger
here's a new track, for all the jacks
I'm kickin' it the hardest so gimmie my shoes back
so I live when I step it's the pimp
and I rep so make a right and get left quick
so try to play strong and long gone
the flow is kinda funky but far from Armstrong
get up on it, on and on get on it
and I will pump it, only if you want it.
Only if you want it
Yes I really want it
(x4)
ooooooh a new jack! a new jack!
Kid I swear I saw a puddy cat
back back smack, here comes a witty black
endin' in a skull high I'm bout to show why
Eazy's fillin' caps cause my gat's in the low ride
bang when the gat sneaks, two in the back seat
my homie rides shotgun waitin' to spot one
duh is a fool who don't ride to slide to a ride
I'm shudder shakin' the place when I start hey
so don't butter, Eazy-E but a park hey
the only thing to flow these now to be fly is a feather
I see the smilin' faces of while they sick
ya know me better, hard Rodney kid
gettin' Cali kid, now ya know it boy
left up in the alley dead
now get up on it, on and on get on it
and I will pump it, only if you want it.
Only if you want it
Yes I really want it
First up high on a roof top
like a bird I'm havin' evil thoughts
a black hood covers my face
and death flows through my mind at it's own pace
sometimes I feel like a super hero
urgin' to free my kind
I'm so accurate
I shoot ya heart with a dime
now I'm back to the moral of my tale
I see a victim, and then my thoughts fail
my minds still fumblin' with the present slavery
I'm here to save you but who's to save me
I hold my strap so long that my palms all wet
I put finger on the fit and then the side a check
I make the kill here's the deal
after the trigger's pulled then the death is sealed
so it's the shots that sing out like a piper
everyones scared I'm the neighborhood sniper
So my boy is a snitch
I put my gun up to his head 
and simply scared the bitch boo
being the E ya know I'm thinkin' devious thoughts
take off ya clothes n**** and here comes a plot
his bitch was scared she made a move I pulled the trigger
now the rumors rare
now there's nothing left but a snitch
here's a four leaf clover punk make a wish
This n**** is dead and now I'm lookin' for a window to get out
I made my escape the cops chase 
duckin' to an alley so they don't recognize my face
the boy had to pay the piper
so they all stayin' fair of a neighborhood sniper
I'm Doin' dirt as I continue my mission
killin' all fools as an addiction
as a E lovin' the game leavin a shame
and in my heart I feel no muthafuckin' pain
because my heart is cold as I was told
and my A.K.47 I stand bold
rippin' up shit with the fury of my gun shot
pop pop pow as I watch the muthafucka drop
lovin' the site as the blood spill
take a photograph, to keep in my hard as I was sayin' calm
and never hyper as I succeed in my mission
I be a neighborhood sniper
Come on over hunnie 
and give your uncle Dolamite a kiss
well what you want baby?
Would you tell me a story?
You want me to tell you a story?
Hell yeah!
Me too!
Yes Hunnie I'm a tell you a story
about the bad ass Eazy-E
he was drinkin' whisky and gin at the age of three
listen and listen well
he's a bad Muthafu-
Gimmie that god damn book!
here let me read you this one
Chrismas in Compton
it was a silent night, yes a holy night
until Mr. Claus turned into Santa muthafuckin' right?
Deck the halls with balls of holy 
fa la la la la la la la la
tis the season to be jolly....
Merry Chrismas muthafucka!
Merry muthafuckin' Chrismas and a ho ho ho!
while I'm ridin' that cot under the missle toe
now dashin' through the snow
in a candy right top 6-4
over the hills I go
laughin' at this hoe
nuts on rich and rings
makin' me feel right
oh what fun it is to know
that I'm gonna get this pussy tonight
so ring them bells, ring them bells
shes takin' it all the way
oh what fun it is to watch her suck my dick this way
hey ring them bells, ring them bells
shes takin' it all the way
oh what fun it is to nut, while she's suckin' my dick
oh yay!
tis the season to get busy
compton crime lick
and I'm smokin' on this stick.
Ho ho ho come sit on my face 
I'm mean lap and tell me what you want for Chrismas
ho ho.
I want a slay ride
a cd player 
a fifty rum
??? and I'm gonna cum
a VCR ???? some porno flicks
rudolph the red nose reindeer
??? like a everlastin' gobstoper
??? poppa
I dig a ho
crack a dough
by the nuts oh
???? fuckin' in tha snow
I made him drop to his knees
yeah you know whats up
I said heres some candy canes eat'em up
???? bonapatite with a condom in a tree.
All I want for Chrismas is my two front teeth
my two front teeth, my two front teeth
All I want for Chrismas is my two front teeth
yo wheres ya rhyme tell me buck wheat.
Buck wheat is a waskal
thats no Chrismas
and all the toys, boys and girls
fuck ya wishes
I got happy over joy in this muthafucka
no indo under my tree so Santa be a sucka
??? when I was young I was the only kid 
who had enough guts to be 
good ole hearin' on the East 
I'd stay awake just to let america know
that Santa was a fake
I used to believe in Saint Dick when Elvis was alive
but all the fuckin' bullshit got played when I was five
years oh just stay young, bold datin'
singin' Silent Night Carolin' Recietin'
now all I want for Chrismas is my indo wreath
I got my two front teeth
uncle Eazy be the ????
just spread me a leaf
little kids don't cry 
when you find out the Santa Claus is just a fuckin' lye.
On the third day of Chrismas my homeboys gave to me
three pounds of indo
two birds of cocaine
and a A muthafuckin' K bitch.
Eazy-E oh Eazy-E
show us how you treat those bitches
I saw mommy fuckin' Eazy-E.
close the door little bitch
I'm gettin' these draws.
I'm a tell my daddy if ya ass don't stop.
I don't give a fuck 
I'm gettin' chrismas caught
ho ho ho and away I go.
Oh Saint Nick got a dick like a ho
well wheres this ????
Shut the fuck up bitches
and go back to sleep.
Yo black what you want for Christmas?
yo black I want a job
??? corn on the cob
but a n**** will eat them chicken, and
chitlens, watermelon, corn bread and some food
whos climbin' in my window
smokin' up indo
my carin' and high make a high know
Yo black what you want for Christmas?
yo black I want some cash
so I can buy some indo, some chronic and some hash.
a rump pa pump pump 
a rump pa pump pump 
Merry Muthafuckin' Chrismas
Merry Muthafuckin' Chrismas
Merry Muthafuckin' Chrismas
and have a fucked up new year (x4)
You Biiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiitch!!
And they all went to prison 
and lived fucked up lives ever after
Yo Dre where's the goddamn drum machine?
Aw shit I left the muthafucka with Poog
You dumb muthafucka 
what the fuck we gonna do now?
Hey, man I got some drums in the back
Man what the fuck is he talkin' bout
Yo does it look like we can play some fuckin' drums?
Man I can play the drums
Bullshit!
Man I used to fuck it up at Compton
Give this n**** some sticks....
Yo Fuck it up Yella
Yo were two hard muthafuckaz
takin' out any punk ass suckaz
can you believe this or so be frightened
were strong as fuck, with the power of a titan
settin' a mark of destruction get it
so don't front, and say you ain't with it
you wanna rumble with us you can't hang
cause were something like a two man gang
start some shit is what we do best
scared by the suckaz say fuck the rest
so yo Eazy bust it and shoot to kill
and tell these stupid muthafuckaz the deal
I look you dead in the eye and I spit
tell you to your face punk you ain't shit
I don't give a goddamn about feelin's
I'm just as a happy as long as I'm killin'
a 187 is in progress n****
just as soon as I pull this trigger
automatic heavily I start firin'
and the kids on the block 
I'm the one there admirin'
a bad mouth n**** on the violent tip
I catch you talkin' some shit
and I'mma bust your lip
now who you gonna tell that I'm makin' ya soft
the police ain't shit cause I pay 'em off
I move slow always ready to go so fuck it
and bitches on my dick they know they can suck it
I'm a hard head, always havin' a fit
when I'm not allowed to tear up shit
I'm a hard muthafucka
2 Hard Muthafuckaz! (x4)
Now look at me I'm a crazed bitch
with a case to a profanity pitch
Ren is a n**** that don't give a fuck
to pussy ass fool tryin' to press his luck
I'm ready to scrap that's if your ready to go
I take you out goin' toe to toe
E saw the conversion and hit you from the back
while you gettin' fucked by a ruthless jack
critical condition is what you recieved
thinkin' up some back up to go on retrieve
but Eazy tell what would happen my man
Eazy-E: "they would get fucked up by a ruthless clan"
so it's simple we don't give a fuck right
so you and ya boys can get the fuck out my site
I'm on tilt with class gettin' ready to blast
cause I'm a hard muthafucka
2 Hard Muthafuckaz! (x4)
Eazy and Ren is fuckin' it up again
schemin' up a plot before we begin
cause n****z like to stare like a bitch sometimes
they say how can them n****z have some a hell of a rhyme
It's simple tell 'em what we mean
when the two baddest muthafuckaz step on the scene
Now this is some shit
Yo what are you sayin'
you stupid muthafuckaz they think I'm playin'
talkin' all kinda shit of shit but I'm crackin' it up
I can afford to laugh cause I'm backin' it up
I'm not a busta I'm more like a hitman
so if you don't wanna throw then you can get down
you don't like the fuck away from me
so you can stop the shit, tryin' to fuck the E
You heard what he said 
it's the truth so whats up
so if you want me to go then I'mma bout to nut up
the 2 baddest muthafuckaz alive
so I don't think you and your boys can survive
you gotta girl, well if she's good to go
I bet me and E already fucked the hoe
a train was in effect and your bitch was rott
by a hell of a n**** that was hard to stop
Yo Ren lets jet lets get the fuck on out
because everybody knows what where talkin' about
Where two hard muthafuckaz!
Hey yo, remember that shit Eazy did a while back
Motherfuckers said it wasn't gonna work (word)
That crazy shit, yeah the stupid shit
Hey yo Eazy! (Yo!)
Hey man why don't you come off the piano for a minute
and bust this crazy shit
Woke up quick at about noon
Just thought that I had to be in Compton soon
I gotta get drunk before the day begin
Before my mother starts bitchin, about my friends
About to go and damn near went blind
Young n****z at the pad throwin up gang signs
Ran in the house, and grabbed my clip
with the Mac-10 on the side of my hip
Bailed outside, and pointed my weapon
Just as I thought the fools kept steppin
Jumped in the fo' hit the juice on my ride
I got front and back, and side to side
Then I let the Alpine play
Bumpin new shit by N.W.A
It was "Gangsta Gangsta" at the top of the list
Then I played my old shit, it went somethin like this:
Cruisin down the street in my six-fo'
Jockin the bitches, slappin the hoes
Went to the park to get the scoop
Knuckleheads out there cold shootin some hoops
A car pulls up, who can it be?
A fresh El Camino rolled, Kilo G
He rolls down his window and he started to say
It's all about makin that GTA
Cause the boyz in the hood are always hard
You come talkin that trash, we'll pull your card
Knowin nothin in life, but to be legit
Don't quote me boy cause I ain't sayin shit
Donald B's in the place to give me the pace
He said my man J.B. is on freebase
The boy J.B. was a friend of mine
'til I caught him in my car tryin to steal my Alpine
Chased him up the street to call a truce
The silly motherfucker pulls out a deuce-deuce
Little did he know I had a loaded 12 gauge
One sucker dead, L.A. Times first page
Bored as hell and I wanna get ill
so I went to a spot where my homeboys chill
The fellows out there, makin that dollar
I pulled up in my six-four Impala
They greet me with a 40 and I start drinkin
And from the 8-ball my breath start stinkin
Left to get my girl, to rock that body
Before I left I hit the Bacardi
Went to her house to get her out of the pad
Dumb hoe says somethin, that made me mad
She said somethin that I couldn't believe
so I grabbed the stupid bitch by her nappy-ass weave
She started talkin shit, wouldn't you know?
Reached back like a pimp, and slapped the hoe
Her father jumped up and he started to shout
so I threw a right-cross and knocked his old ass out!
I'm rollin hard, now I'm under control
Done wrapped the six-fo' around a telephone poll
I looked at my car and I said "Oh brother;
I'll throw it in the gutter, and go buy another"
Walkin home and I see the G ride
Now Cat is drivin Kilo on the side
As they busted a U, they got pulled over
A undercover cop in a dark green Nova
Cat got beaten for resistin arrest
He socked the pig in the head, for rippin his Guess
Now G is caught, for doin the crime
Fourth offense on the boy, he'll do some time
I went to get them out, but there was no bail
The fellas started a riot in the county jail
Two days later in municipal court
Kilo G on trial straight cold cut a fart
Disruption of the court, said the judge
On a six year sentence my man didn't budge
Bailiff came over to turn him in
Kilo G looked up and gave a grin
He yelled out "FIRE" - then came Suzi
The bitch came in with a sub-machine Uzi
Police shot the bitch but didn't hurt her
Both up state for attempted murder
Yeah I kicked a little ass
My eternal jam is the juice of the radio
takin' out profanity so they can play it though
listen to a hell of a kick and the high hat
going to the record store say ya gonna buy
that the E is connected to the A and the Z ya say Y
so that's how the beats stack it up on material made of hits 
takin' my time of Eastline to make sure it fit
push play on the instrumental thats recorded
step on stage and I'm suddenly awarded
some sort of track appeared like a plaque
and some hell of a screen from the girls in the back
takin' a bow cause I got style
never at the bottom of the ways on the top of the pile
yo it's Eazy on top even though I'm short 
guarenteed to help when I walk on the court
so get up make some noise for the gangsta clap
gonna tip the laugh I'm not a pranksta
I'm serious Dre my sounds so quit playin' around
cause I'mma break it down
Last time I was takin' my time with this
but other suckaz were makin' a rhyme with this
I had to change the tip or make it hyper
but they was rotten, I was gettin' riper
ready to go, like never before
givin' you more because I'm ready to score
Ren is my buddy you can tell I said often
helpin' me destroy the suckaz that's softin'
curin' diseases, my rhyme pleases, throw it a key
balls havin' seasons, this is a doc trim
and I'm locked in, and I made up my mind
and I think I'm gonna rock then
you got beaches chill and I'mma push ya
to freeze after I'll cut ya cause I'mma butcher
and say ya have pricin' and then out ya go
cause a percentage on point bellys are very low
messin' with a gun but once ya get hurt
like a said before ya get rushed to the dirt
I'm not a law man, but I'mma raw man
M.C. Ren: "But ya the dopest one I ever saw!" 
I keep droppin' it pound for pound
and when I'm on the mic I always throw down
to keep y'all dancin' to my funky sound
so listen cause I'mma break it down
Now look at me and not the poster
and you could see right off I got the most of
the talent, experience or a trade 
and complements for the rhyme thats made
talks over today if this one so
pick another artist and dis one
I got the ballet of the chosen vote
cause I don't need water to clear my throat
comin' from the rain the show is like dancin'
nasty like and the girls are like glancin'
wantin' to get wit me this routine 
keepin' it sprung still stayin' mean
can ya dis this man I don't think so
once I start writin' the way I let the ink go
comin' out with songs like hit after hit
cause this is legit and yours ain't shit
makin' it sound so dope cause I'm a genius
but your amazed with ya happy to see this
brother go crazy on wax
flowin' away like if I was on a sax
doin' a solo in the shade I'm a spotlight
relax and chill while your up tight
pumpin' up the funky sounds
yo you should know it's kinda persist 
(Alright Go)
This comes from the E Chapter 8 verse 10 and it reads
Its time to put some n****z in check
When you shoot a gun,hot shells eject
Catch'em they get used as evidence
Only when they get brushed for finger prints
You ask Why am I like this?
Cuz you wanna hear about shit like this
So I tell it,how I know it,Just hope the fuck I dont show it
n****z out frontn ,lottering and looting.
Lets recreate a drive by shooting
More brothers in a car blocks away
Waiting to spray, shotgun,Mack10 and an AK
They roll thru to a line of n****'s
It was 9 just like tha fuck they figured
Go around tha corner come back real slow
Lights off,cars in neutral,rolln at a snails pace and creepn
Hoping to catch all of them sleepn,a so called gang,drugs and sex (NWA)
Start busting a cap and all tha others jet,3 of'em fall to their doom
Pronounced dead at the scence,with gun shot wounds
3 dead cuz Compton is scanless.
I'd like to tell ya brother, Ashes to Ashes,Dust to Dust (Amen)
daaaaaaaaa,daaaaaaa,daaaaaaa
(You will now witness tha sound of ??)(We will now pass around tha hat)
(thats good enough)No it aint,you fucked up, you fucked up (its cool) no
it aint
Yo man I don't think they heard you
why don't you tell 'em what ya name is.
My name is Eazy yeah this is true
keepin' your attention is what I'm gonna do
hardcore yo I could never be soft
askin' me my defin' they say the boy goes off
fillin' up my memo with the touch of my rhyme
suckaz stayin' with me cause they know the time
quiet on the set because I'm about to begin
and if you didnt hear me boy I'll tell you again 
my name is Eazy or just call me E 
but It doesn't really matter to me
cause I'm the same person 
whether serious or rehearsin'
I just gotta keep cursin' 
this is for the radio so I better chill
they won't play it if I co get ill
but I'm like that and thats an actually fact
because the street is where my heart is at
yo I don't do dope but I'm dope not a dope
but I'm doper than anybody who trys to cope
if the rhyme I'm dispayin' 
and the beat thats playin'
yo you could try all day
and you still won't match up with the Ruthless P.O.W.
cause Eazy's doin it Compton style
thats the city and you say you could get some
yo it's Eazy-er Said Than Dunn.
Wooooooo!
Wooooooo!
Now it's easy for me to get my point across
so listen up close if ya don't ya might get lost
I'm not a role model or a Dr. Seuss yo I'm a gangsta
and I'm about to get stupid
I guess its time for the trama
with the E-A-Z-Y-E comma now thats drama
so pay attention by the way I must mention
I'm comin' off hard in the third demention
with the glare 
but you don't need no glasses to stare
it'll probably take you in and it's just like your there
with the E on the gangsta tip
so if you think I'm a flip or slip don't even trip
cause I'm a destroyer 
my homie Dre is a doctor not a lawyer 
dope mc employer on Ruthless and thats my label
to get the money, the women, and co bust the fat cable's
boy, master rhymers of toys
I mean str8 while ya suckin' with the girls enjoy
you must be sick or ya lonely 
how ya gonna diss me if ya don't even know me
(Eazy - E: Yo Ren)
(M.C. Ren: What sup)
get the gat show 'em where it's at
and that's just the sound 
and next time I'm peelin ya cap
to let ya know where I'm comin' from
Eazy said it and it shall Be Dunn.
Wooooooo!
Wooooooo!
Radio jams are the part of the cycle
eazy-er said than dunn yeah thats the title
rubbin' the lady's only the fly ones ya know
(M.C. Ren: but would if she's lucky)
Eazy come Eazy go
don't ask to battle me home boy what's that
you wanna battle me boy ya better be strapped
cause where I'm from it ain't all about that playin'
now that's what I'm sayin'
Sevy thought that I was born in '73
now everybody want's to know the A-G-E
girls on the tip fellaz too it seemed
had everybody thinkin' I was only 15
the fellaz would annoy me
the ladyz would adore me
and what was I to do 
I wishin' nothin' lady's do
cause the ladyz I luv 'em 
nice and then soft
I hate male groupies so just step the hell off
I'm the real Eazy cause others be fakin'
tryin' to game fame off the name I'm makin'
sayin' on your records you could get some
yo home boy its Eazy-er Said Than Dunn.
Wooooooo!
Well I'm Eazy-E, I got bitches galore
You may have a lot of bitches but I got much more
Wit my super duper group coming out to shoot
Eazy-E, muthafukas cold knocking the boots
'Cause I'm a hip-hop thugster, I used to be a mugster
If you heard Compton, you think I own a drugstore
Getting stupid because I know how
And if a sucker talks shit, I give him a (POW)
8 ball sipping, the bitches are flipping
Slow down, I hit a dipping, continue my tripping
Hitting my switches, collect from my bitches
The money that I make so I can add to my riches
Fill my stash box and start rubbing my gat
Feeling good as hell because my pockets are fat
A hardcore villian cold roaming the streets
And wit a homie like Dre just supplying the beats
(Chorus)
Because I'm a gansta having fun
Never leave the pad without packing a gun
Hitting hard as fuk, I make you ask what was it
Boy you should have known by now, Eazy duz it
I was knocking muthafukas out
What's your name boy
Funky, fresh Eazy-E
Kick, kick that shit
Where you from fool, Compton, yea
Rolling through the hood, cold tearing shit up
Stick my head out the window and I say what's up
To the n****z on the corner cold bumping the box
But you know that's an alibi for slanging the rocks
A dice game started so I said what the fuk
So I put my shit in park and had to try my luck
Hard to roll wit my bitch jocking 24-7
Rolled them muthafukas, ate 'em up, hit 11
Got another point, I made a ten a fo'
Was taking n****z money and was itching for mo'
Laughing in their faces and said you're all making me rich
Then one punk got jealous, cold slap my bitch
He pulled out his gat, I knew he wouldn't last
So I said to myself, homeboy, you better think fast
He shot (gunshots), I shot (gunshots)
As you can see, I cold broke his ass (ha ha)
Chorus
(Wait a minute, wait a minute, who does it)
Muthafuking Eazy duz it
But how does he do it
Eazy duz it do it eazy
That's what I'm doing
STOP
Man whatcha gonna do now
Now I'm a break it down just to tell a little story
Straight out the box from the gangsta category
About a sucker, a sucker muthafuka
He's addicted, he's a smoker but in Compton called a clucker
he used to have a house car and golden rings
But the cooky cooky crack took all those things
he must of been starving 'cause he broke in my house
Caught the n**** on the street and straight took his ass out
Now I wanted for a murder that I had to commit
Yea I went to jail but that wasn't shit
Got to the station about a quarter of nine
Call my bitch to get me out 'cause I was down for mine
The bitch was a trip cold hung up the phone
Now my only phone call was in the ganking zone
All the things I did for her like keeping her rich
I swear when I get out, I'm gonna kill the bitch
Well by now you should know it was just my luck
The baliff of the station was a neighborhood cluck
I looked him straight in the eye and said what's up
And said let's make a deal, you know I'll do you up
Now back on the streets and my records are clean
I creeped on my bitch wit my uzi machine
Went to the house and kicked down the do'
Unloaded like hell, cold smoked the ho
Chorus
From around the way, born in '73
Harcore B-boy named Eazy-E
It's '88 now, '73's obselete
A n**** wit a serious ass attitude and 100% street
And if you all wanna hear some more
In one way or the other, I'm a bad brother
Word to the muthafuka
Believe that 
Allright
Ruthless, my style as a juvenile
Ran with a gang, slanged in the meanwhile
Bankin, I specialized in gankin
whites, Mexicans, brothers and others
Daily, it's all about comin up
Makin sure no punks are runnin up
Strapped with a gat when I'm walkin through Compton
Terrible, I never listened to my mother
It went in one ear, and out the other
Ran my gang, sold undercover
Call a girl out a name, yo I ain't no lover
I'm a pimp, mack daddy, lookin for the dollar
At thirteen I bought a six-fo' Impala
Rollin, and runnin from the police
Brother don't you know you can't trust a thief
or thug, convict, hoodlum or criminal
Leave your car open, gank for your stereo
Hard and raw, no regard for the law
Hell no! Just trippin off 8-ball
And girls ain't nothin but female dogs to me
Bitches! I'm sorry for that verse
It's in my nature, I gotta curse
out anybody gettin on my nerves 
You get beat, ganked, broke and served
So... you know who I am
and if you don't like it, I really don't give a damn
Sometimes
Wait... for some people to leave
I got another trick up my sleeve
Step with pep to the back of the house
Look then... all the lights are out
Grabbed the door and it's locked, so
easily made my way to the window
Lift it up slow, cause it takes timing
Looked around, and then I climbed in
Once inside, I start takin
Cause you know it's no time for shakin
Get what you gonna get, front and center
or get five years for breakin and enter
Move quickly, but no runnin
Shht, I think somebody's comin
Hear the front door key, and I flee
out the back door with a fist full of jewelry
Over the wall... don't fall
Wipe my sweat cause that was a close call
Gettin ganked by the E is a lesson
So... is there any more questions?
Have you ever been involved in, like, a armed robbery or a hold-up?]
You mean a 211?
There's a store, but don't point
Walk inside, case the joint
One man behind the counter, another in the back
Go out to the car and load the gat
Grabbed the ski mask, here's the task
Go in broke, come out with cash
Yeah, you gotta be cunnin
Told Ice Cube to leave the car runnin
Walked in, said: "This is a robbery"
Didn't need the money, it's just a hobby
Fill the bag, homeboy, don't lag
I want money, beer, and a pack of zig-zags
The man in the back had a camera
so he came out to test his stamina
against Eazy E, but he took one
Fell to the floor, so I ran
back to the bucket, then I said: "Punch it"  
Took the gun, and then dumped it
I'm not like Robin Hood, cause I want more
Steal from the rich, hang with the poor
My pockets are fat, you see, it don't matter to me
I feel like nobody is badder than me
I don't lie
You see... I'm not mister nice guy
Not exactly
Outro: Eazy-E
Bad and bold, you can't get with this
Those that tried, you're on my hit list
Can't be caught, sought or fought
thought, and damn so what?
Down and dirty from the C-P-T
N-W-A and Eazy-E
One more, before we end this session
No more questions!
Yo Ren, you're ready to go get this move?
You're strapped?
Let's go do this, man, I got it all planned out
*pow*
This is a stick-up, everybody get face-down
Ren, gag their mouths so they can't make a sound
Tie em up for the fact that I'm kickin ass
I got my hand on my gat, and I'm tempted to blast
My name is Eazy, but I go the hard way out
This ain't personal, but now I'm about
to commit a crime and go thru with it
You know what, no need for shakin, because I'm used to it
Take out the security guard with a slap of my hand
Yeah, he's wearin' a badge, but he's a ol ass man
Pump his ass in the head, and take his gun
so me and the punk can go one on one
Cover the lens on the TV screen
you know, so me and my gang just can't be seen
Lock the doors, and throw away the key
Close the blinds, so no motherfuckers can see
and smile, you know, cause I'm controllin the shit
and no sucker ass n****'s gonna stop the hit
Wardrobes and locs, and a Ruthless shirt
That means I'm ready to work, and rush a fool to the dirt, so
(repeat 4X)
Allright...
Empty your pockets, but do it slow
Take everything you got and lay it on the fuckin floor
Don't make me have to set an example today
and blow one of you crazy motherfuckers away
I'm in a bank, and it's a little bit funny
takin all you stupid motherfuckers' money 
Peepin at a bitch cause my dick's on hard
Laughin at the dumb ass security guard
who's tied up for the moment, not sayin' a word
I should have known it before, the motherfucker's a nerd
But back to the bitches I'm peepin
and then untie the hoe, so I can start creepin
Took her to the backroom, about to jack
Cold trailed the bitch, with a gun in the back
I said: "Lay down, and unbutton your bra!"
There was the biggest titties that a n**** ever saw
I said: "Damn", then the air got thinner
Only thought in my mind, was goin' up in her
The suspense was makin' me sick
She took her panties down and the bitch had a dick!
I said: "Damn", dropped the gat from my hand
Put the gat to his legs, all the way up his skirt
because this is one faggot that I had to hurt, so
Anybody moves and I shoot]
Stackin up the money and there's more to collect
cause I don't give a fuck, I take traveler's checks
Yo, Ren, peep out the window, and tell me what you see
Hurry up and get on
Allright, tell me, who is the motherfuckin alarm?
I'm a give ya a chance, and count to three
or else five of ya bitches are comin with me
This is the only chance to turn yourself in]
Fuck you! We got hostages, and plenty of loot
and don't give a damn and not afraid to shoot
We're sendin out the hostages, all except five
and if you don't meet our demands, they won't stay alive
We want a copter, so we can get away clean
and take some pussy along, if you know what I mean
One hostage got brave, and got off the floor
but I smoked his ass before he got to the door
now you're dead as fuck tryin' to race a gun]
or else the tear gas is about to blast]
I ran to the back and Ren followed behind
to a hell of a spot that was hard to find
The bank was fucked up, the shit was smokin
with screamin hostages, runnin and chokin
Gettin away, but I was suddenly stopped
at point blank range, by a motherfuckin cop
And I hope they don't think that a lesson was taught
cause a n**** like the E was finally caught
My gat wouldn't fire, the shit wouldn't work
So, y'all know what time it is
Chorus
I'm gonna shoot two of your guards]
And we're gonna go to the phones right now and find out what's
goin' on. Hello, who is this ?]
Eazy E rockin' non stop on the radio
with the funky fresh hip hop in stereo
Release some rhymes that you will find demandin' 
with Dre's beats that are so outstandin'
I'm gettin' busy if you know what I mean
Always settin' me a mark in the hip hop scene
On the radio the greatest of all times
like Mohammed Ali cause I punch rhymes
So tune your station, and clear all the static
and tell the truth: you didn't know that I had it 
in me, to be easy about the situation
So just kick it and listen to the station
playin' my music, it's hard to lose it
It's constantly on request cause you choose it
I'm Eazy E, my rap is strong
I'm on the...
ya
system. And right about now we got Eazy E and MC Ren in the studio
takin' 
calls. So give'em a call and ask'em how they're doin']
Hello, this is Eazy E. What's your name ?
I'd like to know if I can have your phone number?]
Yes, it's 9-7-6...
Now I wanna turn up my box, and make much noise
and rock the party and shock all the B-boys
Take on my radio from phono to tuner
I wouldn't have did it, later but sooner 
Now I move my antenna to the center
then grab a hold of the handle and (??)
then bust a rhyme, you know I won't quit it
Your request is clear, that you're givin'
Without Eazy E you wouldn't be livin' 
with me on a top 10, or a mix show
So hit your power button, and let's go
on vacation, with your station
that's playin' live in every location
Blowin' out ya speaker
it won't get weaker
I'll keep rockin' till I hit the peek
And your station is dope E-A-Z-Y
It's on the air, but you axe why
I took out the cursin', and took rehearsin'
I feel dry, you know that I'm thirstin'
to get busy; I don't quit it
and once you hear my cut, I know you're gonna get it
Then bust a rhyme, while you're clappin' your hands
join us this friday night live, we'll be jammin' it uptown with my
homeboys Eazy E, of course, N.W.A. and the whole Compton posse.
Can't make it out but, hey, stay eazy, and stay it on K-EAZY-E...
with more...radio]
Now disc jockeys are playin' me in rotation
hittin' number one spots across the nation
I'm on the charts, you can go list'em
but now listen, I'm on your system
AM or FM, I'm in power
You hear my music once every hour
So listen up to the rhyme and percussion
but do this with no discussion
Eazy's easin' fans I'm pleasin'
Why, I'm on top yo, I got reason
With no profanity, but what can I say
On the radio you get more looser
Take my word you're a dope producer
We combine to put out hits
but jealous people, they just have fits
cause we get airplay, but we're not thru
People that hear me, they know what I'm sayin'
On the air, I don't be playin'
Just gettin' my point across to the public
Rhymin' on the radio, that's my subject
It's Eazy E on your radio non stop !
like TNT. Yo, what's the time ?]
paid, motha...]
Hello, you're on the air. What's up ?]
MC-Ren : "Yo Dre, how much time we got left on ths tape?"
Dre : "About a couple of minutes."
MC-Ren : "Well let me bust a freestyle then."
Dre : "Awright, go ahead."
Ruthless gangsta, definition villain,
Leave your shit unlocked and he's stealin',
So call tha police cause that's all you could do but,
He'll get away without leavin' a clue.
Dre : "Wait a minute, wait a minute, cut this shit. Eh yo Yella boy why don't you rewind it.Hey
man you gotta get more hyped up tonight!"
MC-Ren : "Damn, why don't you pump this shit up so it could fuck up my eardrums a little bit!"
Dre : "Allright bet."
Ruthless gangsta, definition villain,
Leave your shit unlocked and he's stealin',
So call tha police cause that's all you could do but,
He'll get away without leavin' a clue.
Keepin' shit in control like the neighboorhood chief but,
Referred to as a walking thief,
They say he's a bad influence for the kids on the block,
Why the fuck they blamin' him,
He's the one that they jock.
Keepin' n****z in line,
Whoever fucks with his rhyme,
And before you fuck with him,
You gotta fuck with his nine.
Not scared to pull the trigger on a punk ass n****,
(A n****)He could whoop his ass cause he's bigger.
Size don't mean shit,
He's from the old school fool,
He's a villain from the streets,
And he's supposed to rule,
Not sayin' he's in shit,
But he's down for mine,
He was put on the streets to keep n****z in line.
Never givin' a fuck,
Because I know that he's a n**** that you want to be.
He can't help it he's in shit,
But he don't hold shit back,
He's a gangsta in black,
And he's about to attack.
Cause I'm a ruthless villain,
Cold tearin' shit up,
Don't come on my face,
Pumpin' no kind of junk,
Eazy-E's in control,
And if you press your luck,
I'll smoke you like that,
And won't give a fuck.
"Nickname Eazy-E...Ol' 8-Ball junkie!"
Ruthless gangsta, definition villain,
You can lock up yo' shit,
He's Still Stealin',
Gettin' respect,
Cause the boy kicks butt,
But the real meaning is,
He don't give a fuck,
It's Eazy-E in the crowd,
But he's not in the 4,
I tell his money flow,
As he collects from his ho',
All expenses paid,
For the rhymes that he made,
Got the trophys in the house,
For the girls that he laid.
Not a wimp he's a pimp,
Now of course he's the boss,
So keep your bitch out his face,
Or else she's gonna get tossed.
The hard to be fucked with,
The boy got heart,
Wanna fuck with him,
He'll Rip your head apart.
Gangsta Gangsta,
That's what they yellin'
But him with his gangsta stroll,
He keeps bailin'.
Wherever he goes,
There's no discussion but silence.
They say that he's the one,
Promotin' gang violence,
That's a lie just a critic,
All that whack bullshit,
So let me tell you motherfuckers,
Who you fuckin' with,
Cause I'm a ruthless villain,
Cold tearin' shit up,
Don't come on my face,
Pumpin' no kind of junk,
Eazy-E's in control,
And if you press your luck,
I'll smoke you like that,
And won't give a fuck.
Eazy-E : "Yo Ren?"
MC-Ren : "What's up?"
Eazy-E : "Let's get the fuck outta here!"
Good evening, and welcome to Eazy's playhouse, 
you stupid muthafuckaaaaaa!
Now that you got the album, 
what the fuck are you gonna do with it,
BITCH BITCH Bitch bitch ...
Eazily I aproach, the microphone because I ain't no joke
Tell your momma to get off of my tip
I have no time to give her my dick
I'm gonna hold it
And walk around the stage and
If you fuck up I'm goin' to get my gage and
Unload the barrel and lough
Cuz I'm puttin' led in your mothafuckin' ass
Psychopathic, but the ho's are attracted
Because when I'm on hard my dick's at least a yard
In the days of old I was a nut
Now I need at least 3 ho's when I fuck
Cuz I do a check, nut 1 nut 2
Then I save my nut for when there's nothin' else to do
You're used to the crew, bitch
Cuz I would never quit
As soon as you think that's it I'm still talkin' shit
-=- CuT -=-
I told you that n**** was crazy
E boy, that's my boy, godamnit
-=- CuT -=-
I got a fable that you need to listen to
It's a funky little rhyme about a bitch or a two
One Sharone and the other one Shine
I want to nut but which one do I want?
Shine said Eazy let me fuck you blind
And Sharon said E I want to blow your mind
I said fuck it, I know what should be done
Just pull your panties down and I'll fuck the biggest one
And then I get the other pussy put it in the freezer
So I can always have a on-hold skeezer
Get out to tick it, I do it like that
So I told the ho's to take a big step back
Took the zipper down, I'z wide and said
Here's what I'm gonna put inside
Grab it like a rabbit, grab it let's wreck it
But I won't love you,
When I'm done I'd still be talkin' shit ...
-=- CuT -=-
That boy'z good
Yeah that boy's good
That mothafucka'z talkin' all kinds of shit
I used to get pussy like eazy here and every day
You're mothafuckin' lyin'
How you know I'm mothafuckin' lyin'?
You're lyin', your dick can't get hard ..
Oh, suck my dick mothafucka
n**** you lied
Who you're talkin' to..?
...
-=- CuT -=-
Dre : Wait a minute, wait a minute, cut that shit,
      HEY YO YELLA BOY! LET'S REWIND IT!
-=- CuT -=-
n****z don't see I'm a 100% legit
And you know it ain't about all that bullshit
It's about fuckin' this bitch and that bitch
But not the bitch with the 7 day itch, like that ho'
Just throwin' me the pussy
She says she wants to do it like a doggy
She's bad, nobody is badder
But she got more crabs than a seafood platter
Bitch on the gang move, to skizz me
Just to say "I got fucked by Eazy"
So I slapped the ho' like a pimp
I might be a women-beater but I'm not a pussy-eater
So when the shit hits the fan it's outta my mouth
You don't like what I'm talkin' about
All of ya'll can just suck my dick
You can quote me now cuz I'm still talkin' shit ..
-=- CuT -=-
The boy's good, I told you the boy's good
The n**** has talent
You don't know a damn thing
Yeah, I like that part, bring that shit back one more time, Maestro
I can do the bagaloo
That old shit did'nt play out in 1967 ...
"We want eazy!"
Well, clap ya hands then-come on
Clap ya hands everybody
Clap ya hands, come on, come on
Put ya hands together and clap 'em
Now can y'all say Eazy
Come on, say it
EAZ-Y
Everybody come on,
EAZ-Y...
People from everywhere gather around
Checkin' out the sound that Eazy is throwin' down
With some help from Ren and Dre
Makin' a way with dope style
Yo Eazy, what ya gotta say
A miracle of modern creation
Eazy E's on the set
Hyped up with the bass
And a little bit of what ya love
From a brother who's smooth like a criminal
I mean subliminal
Otherwise known as a villain
Because I'm ruthless
When I spot a sucka, I kill 'em
But most I think know not to deal with me
Yo, it's obvious, tell 'em who you came to see
EAZ-Y...
Yeah 'cuz this is the way I know you like it
So you won't strike it
I took it and I hyped it
And now that it's done, I know ya pleased
At how the E just duz it with ease
Just imagine a crowd screamin', a girl dreamin'
Just to get a picture of me 'n' my B-O-Y-Z
From the H-double-O-D
N.W.A., down with me
Strong 'n' I'm ragin'
Turn the page 'n'
See I'm not a son of a gun
I'm a gauge 'n'
Nuthin' can avoid this shot 'cause it's hittin'
It's so cool when you touch it, wear a mitten
I'm comin' off raw into ya speaker
Makin' the suckas on the street feel weaker
But most I think know not to deal with me
Yo, it's obvious, tell 'em who you came to see
EAZ-Y...
Aw, never, I'm just too clever
So, in fact, that no one can sever
A blow from a maniac and yo, I make it clear
So a register is all I hear
Money overturned, then I jet
To make another hit, for you to go and get
Record stores sold out because you love it
Another example of how Eazy duz it
EAZ-Y
* send corrections to the typist
(Eazy-E)
Here's the latest
from the king of badness
I got the shit that makes n****z wanna flip
G'd up all better wit beanies
Sweatin all the bitches to blow are weanies
n****z all getting drunk, and smoking a bum bud
Oh wait here's a punk, pump the trunk
Cuz it's a gang of jackers in the front smoking
all the hump, some shit was said about blue and red
but I'm colour blind and I gotta nine
threw up the sign I cock the 9, I cock the 9.
(Loco S.A.B)
Well n**** pop the 9and let it holla
Test drive wit a neighbourhood's scholar
Black Impaler, blue chucks on gettin outta
Sucks on hip hop thugsta get the fuck on
n****z looking shifty, do they wanna diss me, lick me
Show me love or peel my cap quickly
My six sense won't let me slip don't puff wit the draggin em
I'm still toe taggin em, hit the spot wit a don still baggin em
It's the low call, S.A.B on the vocal, blast my way out eazy pay
The way, all you bitch n****z stay out
(Hook) x2
I cock the 9, I cock the 9, I cock the 9 ( and everything is fine)
I cock the 9, I cock the 9, I cock the 9 (my homey pop the 9)
I cock the 9, I cock the 9, I cock the 9 (*gun shot*)
I cock the 9, I cock the 9, I cock the 9 (my homey pop the 9)
(Phalos Mode)
It's like dice game, dice game n****z get they roll'on
Everything's all good till n****z getting sold on
Here we all get together and shoot, fuck
I grab my gun then I picked up my loot
But I didn't lose shit so it's all good
Leavin pumpin Eazy-E "Boyz n the Hood"
Cuz I'm a gangsta so I can relate, most of these
n****z is fake and tryin to hate
I put a buster in his place, I put one in his face
Obey my first and give him the taste
That's how I duz it, that's how I do it
and the murder weapon that I use you know I threw it
he kept persuading so I had to do it, 'uh' play
for keeps that's the rule of the streets 'uh'.
(Loco S.A.B)
Dick Tracy all on my nuttz like Cagny and Lacy
And don't faze me, Ruthless is the label that pays me
But this one H.K weighs a ton, words are yellow wit
the ??? freaks on a run, bring ya condom in the kingdom
huh ho from the ceilin to the floor, info red at ya window
plus the E go hangin out the beamer tho
drop shit like a seagull, for the people
ho's make a contribution, but y'all don't hear me tho.
(Hook) x2
(Eazy-E)
Tuck ya legs to my dick with the wrap em real tight
Just incase its on and a n**** gotta fight, an a
n**** gotta bust, but who in the fuck said in god we trust
The shit wen't down everybody start runnin
Bitches screamin and the bullets still comin
Run into a n**** tryin to save mine, reach for my gun ahh shit!!
* send corrections to the typist
1,2,3, and to the 4
Eazy muthafuckin' E  
With the chrome to your dome
Cruisin' in my '64 rag top
I got a lot of juice
A lot of fuckin' block
Now when I hit that switch I'm bouncin'
More bounce to the ounce
And I'm clownin'
Keep the gat in my lap
Cuz I'm fully strapped
For the car jackers
Fuck no hapsters
I pack a Tech-9
Plus a AK-47
Send a one way ticket to my hell
Or maybe heaven, peep
n**** I don't sleep
Burry muthafuckas in the concrete
You try creep kinda slow in a Astro
But I peep you n****s out in my left window
So I blast and I blast til I blast no mo
Yo, they call a muthafucka John Doe
Cuz when I hit that switch I'm bouncin'
More bounce to the ounce
And I'm clownin'
Be a witness to murda
n****s bustin' out of a '64 Chevy
Straight callin' my city
n****s be winnin' and gettin' busy
Wit a tizy
Through my city
Chalk lines hang
n****s bang
Chevy's swang like it ain't no thang
The gangs bang
So n**** tuck your chain
And try to buck this thang
End up gettin' one stuck in you brain
To refrain from this game of stressin'
Smokin' on water
And fin to bang your daughter
All up in the Best Western
She like the way that my '64 hop
Drop the top
Grab a rock
Now she's givin' me top
Non stop on the R-O-C
Like the made me screen
So I two-wayed my n**** Eazy-E
Old n**** E still cruisin'
Punk stay up on the nuts and the bone
Pussy n**** had beef knocked out of his teeth
The muthafucka should have stayed his ass home
Hey yo peep them bitchez in the Honda
4 deep with the proper ass sounds
Now every time that I meet a fine cute bitch
She got a friend from the fuckin' Dog Pound
Hey yo bitch
Here's the seven digits
Call me if you can
Only if you want it
Let a n**** know
Can I dig like a minor, 49er
Diggin' for gold from behind her
Watch this n**** do some diggin'
Pop that pussy on a platter
Watch this n**** do some diggin'
It's so tight it doesn't matter
YO!
That's right n****
We back
That real gangsta shit
From one of the realest n****s in this game
You know his name n****
24 hours to live...
24 hours to live...
Seven-thousand, four hundred, twenty three grains
of sand drop from the hourglass
It's how much time I got left on this planet
Some motherfucker's gotta die!
I'm an evil motherfucker ready to tear shit up
I'm gonna put these things on you, and never let up
See, my momma...she was wrong when I was born
That a n**** like E should'a never been born
Too late, big mistake in '72
It's '92, now the year of code blue
15 hours..11 minutes..30 seconds
I'm a motherfuckin' wreck
Gonna pay back n****s who did me wrong in the past
My days ain't long
I'm comin' strong and fast
Lock up 8 niggs..kill up 10 pigs
??? and fuckas are ?altered? by a 2
Now what else can I do?
Fuck, fuck, fuck and plant my seeds
Leavin' kids in this world like me
The lunatic psycho mutherfucka Eazy-E
Chorus (sang)
24 hours to live
But I don't wanna die
24 hours to live
Oh why, oh why?
Must die
Sky diving, scuba diving
To Evil Kinevil stunt car drivin'
Bungee cord jumpin' off a bridge
It's hard to breathe with a fractured rib
I can't take this shit
Let me see how much more time I got to spend
Hit more skins
Back up in her pussy
Up in the back
I gotta let off
A few more nuts
I'm starting to panic
I'm starting to sweat
'Cause I don't really wanna die yet
Dizzy spells, flashbacks in my head
n****s ain't want me to bein' happy when I'm dead
But I ain't goin' out unless 30 n****s die
I'm dying anyway so I'm thinking suicide
Run into a crowd of n****s dyin' by the pistol
Took the motheruckin' whistle
Chorus
To sweep with the feet when he hit the concrete
Chop him up, dice him up and sacrifice his meat
Drag him by his ankles to the cemetary
(Screams)
Shut the fuck up n****
'Cause you ain't seen shit
I'm 'bout to take this ???? and staight up grip
I'm holdin' the neck of the devil and drink his blood
Allowing my soul to be polluted by his evil root
And now I'm mad insane, red as ???? as I strain for my hearbeat
To thumpety-thump to pump, it might burst
False alarms, and no harm that will commit to the E
But now I'm down to an hour 23
Time is moving fast, but not that slow
I thought I had an hour, but it's seconds left the go
I ran into the office
No more time is left
I ran up to the doctor with a bomb to my (BOOM)
Chorus
Spoken:
As I lay me down to sleep
I pray the lord my soul to keep
As time winds down to it's last 24 hours
in an earth that weighs 60 trillion tons
Travelling 1,037 1/3 mph, how do you define time?
What is a minute?
How important is an hour when 24 hours becomes a lifetime
Oooooh, so define how do we define time?
Now you choose
How will you spend your last 24 hours?
C'mon..talk to me
3X Chorus ("must die" is faded into next chorus loop)
