Thank you
Thank you
Thank you to Vice President Pence
He's a good guy
We've done a great job together
And Merry Christmas, Michigan
Thank you, Michigan
What a victory we had in Michigan
What a victory was that
One of the greats
Was that the greatest evening? But I'm thrilled to be here with thousands of hardworking patriots as we celebrate the miracle of Christmas, the greatness of America and the glory of God
Thank you very much
And did you notice that everybody is saying Merry Christmas again? Did you notice? Saying Merry Christmas
I remember when I first started this beautiful trip, this beautiful journey, I just said to the First Lady, You are so lucky
I took you on this fantastic journey
It's so much fun
They want to impeach you
They want to do worse than that
By the way, by the way, by the way, it doesn't really feel like we're being impeached
The country is doing better than ever before
We did nothing wrong
We did nothing wrong
And we have tremendous support in the Republican Party like we've never had before
Nobody's ever had this kind of support
But this sacred season, our country is thriving and it's thriving truly like it has never, it has never happened before to the extent what's happening now
And by the way, your state, because of us, not because of local government, but because of us, because of the job that we've done
Because I understand she's not fixing those potholes
That's what the word is
It was all about roads and they want to raise those gasoline taxes on you
We don't want to do that
But she's not fixing the potholes
But Michigan's had the best year it's ever had
Best year it's ever had
And that's because we have auto companies expanding and thriving and they're coming in from Japan and they're coming in from a lot of other places
Look what's happening
And you know, I don't know if you know this, but probably 10 years ago I was honored
I was the Man Of The Year by I think somebody, whoever
I was the Man Of The Year in Michigan
Can you believe it? Long time
And that was long before I ever decided to do this
I was happy
I had a beautiful life
What the hell did I do this for? But look how we're doing
Do we love it? I love it
But anyway, I was the Man Of The Year and probably close to 10 years ago and I came to Michigan
He said, You're still the Man Of The Year
Thank you
Who said that? Thank you
So I came in and I remember the speech so well
I said, Why are you allowing them to steal your car companies? Why are you allowing them to go to Mexico and to go from China where they come in from China, they build them in China, they sell them into our country with no tax and you lose your jobs, you lose your factories, the companies leave and you get nothing
Why are they lying? I asked that a long time ago and we stopped it
We've stopped it
And you see that
And we just made the USMCA
We're getting rid of NAFTA, which I think is the worst trade deal ever
And it's very exciting
It's a great deal
It's a great deal
It's going to stop exactly what we were just talking about
It makes it very, very prohibitive
They can do it, but they've got to pay a hell of a big price to do it
And history has proven that stops them
But we have a great USMCA that we negotiated with Mexico, with Canada
Now, from the standpoint of the farmers, you know what's going on
We had tremendous trade barriers in Canada
We had attacks on dairy products, 297% tariff, nobody talked about it, with Canada
And we had some really bad things with Mexico
We now have a wonderful deal
And if we didn't have a good deal, you know what I would have done what? What? I would have put tariffs on both countries and that would have been it, right? That would have been it
Unfortunately the deal's been sitting with Nancy Pelosi for a long time and what happened? And she had a lot of pressure, especially from manufacturing areas, farm areas, a lot of pressure to sign it
So here's what happens
So I get along with labor
I had a lot of union labor vote for me, tremendous amount of labor
In New York where I come from, we have a lot of unions
And that's okay
That's fine
So we left a little stuff for the union because we figured to get it signed, we'll give a little bit and we did it and we have one great deal
And now you have the Democrats trying to take credit for this deal and that's okay
Whatever it takes
For seven months, it sits
They don't do anything
We give
And by the way, I spoke to the unions the day before I say, Fellows, you got to get it done
And union labor loves me and I love you too sir
I love you too sir
So we have a great deal with Mexico, with Canada
And it is true
I say it out loud because I say it to them right now
If they ever wanted to break the deal, that's okay
If somebody wants to break a deal with me, you always have to have an alternative, right? And this country, the deals we made, we did a deal with South Korea
That's great
We did a deal with Japan, 40 billion dollar deal with Japan
It was just a little piece of a deal
Okay? That was a piece of a deal
And I said to Japan, Look, you got to make this deal or we're going to put a 20% tariff on the cars
And that's more money than anything we're talking about
That's all right
That's all right
That's all right
Get her out
Ger her out of here
Oh well
You're about to hear the greatest speech you've ever heard
And that's going to be the publicity because all the fake news back there will say massive riot Massive riots
Fake news
But seriously, look, look, look, they won't say it
They won't say it, because when we have protesters all in favor, they don't talk about it, but there's a slob
There's a real slob
Wait, wait a minute
She'll get hell when she gets back home with mom
But she made Look, she screams a little bit
And you know what I like to do? Avoid them
Because I'll tell you the big problem
I could hardly hear her
What happens is all of you people go crazy
Look, look, look, and the place
Okay, so there's one disgusting person who made Wait, wait, who made a I wouldn't say this, but made a horrible gesture with the wrong finger right? Now they won't say that, the fake news, they won't say it
If one of us did that, it would be like the biggest story ever
I think it's terrible
And I'll tell you the other thing, I don't know who the security company is, but the police came up, but they want to be so politically correct so they don't grab her wrist lightly and get her out
They say, Oh, would you please come? Would you please come with me? Sure
Ma'am, would you? And then she gives the guy the finger and he, Oh, Oh
You got to get a little bit stronger than that, folks
And they 
Making another group of tariffs, seven and a half percent
This gives us a lot of currency to do the phase two deal, which they want to start, but we're taking in billions of dollars and to help the farmers who were targeted, 16 billion and 12 billion the previous year, helps the farmers
So you know what we do, out of that big check that we get, all that money flows into the treasury
Out of the big check, we gave the farmers 16 billion dollars and 12 billion for the previous year
And you know, the incredible thing, and I was with a lot of farmers
I was with a group of 36 farmers at the White House
You know what they said to me? I said, Don't worry about it
We're going to take care of you guys
And I used a bad word
You know what word I used? We're going to get you a subsidy
And they said this two years ago, I said, How much were you targeted for? This was the first year
12 billion, sir
The second year was 16
They were target
That's what they didn't get from China
So I said, It's all right, we're going to give you a subsidy of the same and we're going to take it out of the tariffs and we're going to have billions and billions of dollars left over
And they said, Sir, we don't want money
We just want a level playing field
I've never seen that before
I've never seen that before
So we will have invested in our military, since I'm here, which is less than three years
Our military, by the way, in all due respect to the previous two administrations, our military was depleted
It was depleted
It was in bad shape
We had fighter jets that were 35 years old
We had planes that were 60 years You heard where the father flew them, the grandfather flew them, and now the young son comes in
We've got the best equipment in the world now
Spent two and a half trillion dollars, made in the USA
Two and a half trillion
We will shortly
That'll be all finished
We're going to have the greatest Now we have the best planes
We're going to have the best ships
We're building a lot of ships now
We're building the most powerful weapons in the world
Now, we don't want to even talk about it
We never want to use them
But you know, the way we're not going to have to use them is if we have them
We're building submarines, the power of which nobody's ever seen before
Nobody's ever seen before
It's funny, we have these companies come in
I like to make good deals
You like to make good deals
That's what we do, right? So these really countries that come in, prime ministers, presidents, sometimes dictators, those we can't deal with too much
Sir, we'd like to buy a nuclear submarine
I say, No thanks
I turn them all down
You have no idea how many people But we're building some of the They're the most powerful weapons ever made by man or womankind
I say mankind and womankind
They can definitely fight
They're the real deal
These guys, so good looking
I said, You could be a movie star
Go to Hollywood
No sir
I like doing what I'm doing
So I said to these guys, you going to see, just like central casting, I said, I said, Fellas, how good is this plane? They said, Sir, it's great
Why? Because the enemy can't see it
That helps
Stealth
It's actually called super stealth
So I said, You mean they can't see, so you shoot at them but they can't He said, They have no idea where we are, sir
I said, That sounds good to me
Nobody does it
Nobody can do it
We have the whole thing and we bought in a lot of those planes, we bought in a lot of great stuff
And I won't tell you the story, but very early on I thought we were going to have a problem someplace, and one of the generals came up to me and said, Sir, don't go
Don't do it
Why? We don't have the ammunition
And I said two things
I never want to hear a President
Right? We never want to have a President hear that again, nor do we want a President to have to go through the crap that we were going through back then
But, another thing we did, which to me is such an incredible thing to have done
It's such an honor
So our last US Armed Forces, the last branch was the Air Force, right? That was many, many decades ago
We are now building and we have now gotten funding for the sixth branch of the United States Armed Forces, The Space Force
So I'll be able to tell my kids someday and everybody else, See that Space Force? That was my baby
And you think that was easy? That's not easy
Because you have Democrats that do not like our military
They do not like our military
And we did something yesterday, because for three years I would see people that run Incredible people, the heads of the Historically Black Colleges and Universities in the country
And every year they'd come in and they'd be looking for help
They needed help and they do need help with it and it's great and they do an incredible job
So many great schools, but they need help
And every year they'd have to come and come
I got to know them actually
I said, The only bad thing is you won't see me too much anymore
Because we just provided record funding for a nation's Historically Black Colleges and Universities
And it's longterm, they're not going to have to come
So I said, Look, we could do it where we do it every year or we'll do what we have
What do you want? They said, Let us just have it
So we'll miss them
But they are great people
They've done an incredible job
And our extraordinary jobs boom, which created another 266,000 jobs last month, and then you add the undercount from the previous two months, you're close to 300,000 jobs
And they said, if you're a business watcher which I am, I love watching business, but they said they were guessing, could be 70,000, could be 80,000, maybe 90, maybe 110, somebody said
Then the number comes out, 266,000 with an adjustment
Remember about four months ago when we had one little period, right? We had one little period where there was a little downturn
They said, Oh, Oh, we think we're going into a recession
I said, Don't worry about it
We think we're going into a recession
They were willing to lose their wealth
They were willing for this stocks and whatever the hell they own, what do you guys own back there? Let it go
They'll go bust
They don't care
Anything to get rid of us
Not me, us
And you know what? Then all of a sudden, and now for the last couple of weeks, we've set brand new records in the history of the various stock markets
So, as of yesterday, we've had 133 record days in the stock market now, and that's in less than three years
So when I see that I don't care because I don't I'm not allowed to have stock
I can't have stock
They consider it a conflict of interest and that I can understand
I agree
I can
But you know what? I'll tell you what
What I see, I see tremendous job growth because we're setting records
But you know what I also see? The 401ks where people are up 90%, they're up 97%, they're up 82%
I tell you the story all the time
I mean, I have people coming up to me, and a man came up, a policeman
I've told this story, but I've had many, so many times, but this guy in particular, because it was early and that was a year ago
That was a long time ago
Right now it's much higher than that
But he said, Sir, I want to thank you
My wife thinks I'm a loser
All my life, we never did well with the 401ks, with stocks
Everything I invested, I'm up 72%, sir
She thinks I'm a financial genius
She's so in love with me
She so in love
He said, She said, Darling, I think you're one of the greatest investors
Why don't you do this professionally?' And I don't even know what I'm doing, sir
I just have all these stocks
So I just wanted to tell you, I look at a 401k, who has 401ks here? So that's what I see
I don't care about the rich ones
I care about everybody
I care
I care about everybody actually
Ford motor company just announced that it is investing 1
5 billion dollars into auto factories in the Detroit area, creating another 3000 Michigan jobs
And that's on top of the many other investments we've gotten from Japanese companies, car companies, and other companies
But they're all coming in and a lot of them are coming to Michigan
And I say, Hey, go to Michigan
Sometimes they'll go south and that's okay, whatever
I want them in this country
But ideally I want to fill them up
We're doing so well in Michigan with the auto companies
Now you're back
You're back
So, you're back
Very proud of you
Very proud of you
But while we're creating jobs, fighting for Michigan workers, and achieving numbers that you've never seen before, incredible victories for the American people are happening
The radical left in Congress is consumed with hatred and envy and rage
You see what's going on? I'll tell you, these people are crazy
You ever hear, It's the economy, stupid
You know that was Clinton's saying
If you have a good economy
I have the greatest economy in the history of this country and nobody talks about it
Nobody talks about it
If you're a Democrat, they say,  Oh, it's the economy If the economy's any good
And let me just tell you a little secret
If crooked Hillary would've won, your economy would have crashed
You were going down
The regulations were taking it down
The taxes were taking it down, instead of being up 92% or whatever you're up, a lot, you would have been down, you would have been at less than half
It was crashing
For all those people that would say, Oh, it's the Obama Let me tell you something
You were dying
And if you look at that first period of a couple of months, it was a disaster, but it was heading south
And as sure as you're standing, and I'm sorry we couldn't get you seats, we didn't have any room
And by the way, 20,000 people outside had to leave
You know? It's so cold outside we told them, Don't worry about a screen, go home, go home and watch
But we had, this is about a 5,500 seat arena
And I said to my people, Why so small? Are we spoiled? I watch these guys come in like Biden, he has a big rally and they get 93 people show up
No, it's true
I don't understand it
And did you see the new polls from USA Today came out? I'm killing everybody
And they hate me
USA Today hates me
But there's a poll, we're beating everybody
But, so Biden has this rally, they've got 200 seats, but only a small number of people
So you know what they do? They set up a round table
So think of these people
They come in, they think they're going to listen to the speech, they end up sitting on a round table discussing They must've been happy, right? We don't have enough room for round tables
I'm sorry folks
No, they set up a round table but I think we're doing great
And how do you beat what we've done? With the economy, with our great vets, with choice
You've finally got choice
They've been trying to get it for almost 50 years
Four more years
Four more years
Four more years
Four more years
Four more years
Four more years
And these people back here? Your seat or stand is better
Right? But you know what? They're going to be much more famous because the cameras can't see you
They can only see them
And the other thing, the cameras, do you ever notice, I go to these stadiums, 25, 30,000 people
They never show the crowd
You know why? Because they don't want to have If crazy Pocahontas, if crazy Pocahontas goes to the middle of Central Park or whatever
She's in Manhattan
You got me
And people, I mean, I could have, I could have Baron Trump go into Central Park and he'd get a crowd that would be just as He's 13
He'd get a bigger crowd
But if she has the crowd, Oh, these crowds are so big
I've had crowds over the last couple of weeks
We went to different Pennsylvania, Florida
But I mean thousands and thousands of people can't get into these NBA arenas, right? Big arenas
And we set records at everyone because we use the floor
Thank you
I appreciate it
But we use the floor, right? The basketball court
So we set records at every arena
They never even mention the crowds
They never mention the crowds
It's sort of amazing
You know what? I don't think we've ever had an empty seat from the time I came down the escalator
That's a long time ago
I don't think we've ever had an empty seat
Now what the crooked media does though, if you got like over here, look how packed it is and there's thousands outside, but I Please go home
You're going to catch pneumonia
But here's the thing
If this man and that beautiful woman happened to get up because they want to go to the bathroom, those cameras will turn to those two seats and they'll say Trump wasn't able to fill up the arena
I always get nervous when I see some I know they're coming back
Nobody ever leaves our speeches
Because is there a better place to be in the world than a Trump rally? But every time I see a man get up, I see a beautiful woman with a baby and they're getting up
The baby's going crazy and they're getting up
They're going to take it But I know they're going to be right back
And I say, Fill those two seats
I don't want them to see it
Because they'll say, Couldn't fill up the arena
These are truly dishonest people
After three years of sinister witch hunts, hoaxes, scams, tonight the House Democrats are trying to nullify the ballots of tens of millions of patriotic Americans
Capped off with one of the greatest election evenings in history
Was that the greatest? Remember when they all said, remember when they all said, No, no
You can't win Michigan
You can't
Then I went, I did one in Grand Rapids, right? Grand Rapids
We had 32,000 people that night
It was one o'clock in the morning
That means it was Election Day when I started speaking
Hillary, Barack Obama, Michelle Obama, and Bill Clinton, they did an emergency trip
They did an emergency trip to Michigan at six o'clock
They got here at prime time
They started to speak
She had 500 people
I got here at one o'clock in the morning the next day, which is now Election Day
How many people were there? 32,000 people outside, inside
It was the last speech of Michigan
And they say, Well, sir, it's very hard to win Michigan
I said, Why would it be hard? Here's the beautiful thing
Everything I told you I've done, but much more so
I said I was going to bring car companies back
I said I was going to bring in I just hope you people know that
I just hope you know it
But I'll never forget that night
And in all fairness to Bill Clinton, he used to be a friend of mine until I ran for office
I like him, I like him
But he told, you know the way they tried to shut him out, right? Because he's a pro
He's an instinct guy, right? He's instinct
He doesn't need Right? Because he's a pro
He's an instinct guy, right? He's instinct
He doesn't need polling companies
Who the hell wants him? You know, if you want a polling company, pick up the newspaper
The problem is the newspaper polls are more fake than the news they write
They write fake polls
It's true, they write fake polls
You call them suppression polls
You read them and you get depressed, because it looks like you're doing badly
They do that
I think it's almost worse than what they write, and you can't get much worse than what they write
So what happens is Bill Clinton said to Crooked Hillary, his very dishonest wife, Crooked Hillary
Do you think he calls her Crooked Hillary? He might
Maybe he just calls her crooked? He said, Crooked, I'm telling you
Crooked, I don't like what I'm seeing in Michigan
I don't like what I'm seeing in Wisconsin
He said, I took the trip to Wisconsin and I'll tell you what, they had those Trump/Pence signs all the way to the convention area, every lawn, every loan
I don't like Wisconsin
And then he said, Oh, don't worry about it
What the hell does he know? They told him, What do you know? Remember, they shut him out at the  They didn't want him talking
He was right
I mean, I don't want to cause any problems in the family, but he was right
But he talked about Wisconsin
Then he talked about Michigan
He said, Crooked, I'm telling you, Crooked, I don't like what I'm seeing in Michigan
I was in Michigan and I'm telling you, they had those damn signs
I saw some houses where they had four of them on one lawn, and two of them on the car
And he said, You horrible human being
You'd better start listening to me, because you're going to get your ass whooped? And you know what happened? You know what happened? She didn't listen, fortunately
And she didn't come to Michigan enough
And she didn't come to Wisconsin, I think at all, right? Because her polling data looked good
It looked good to me, too
Every time I went there with these crowds
So we won Wisconsin
We won Michigan and the great Ronna McDaniel  where is Ronna? Where is Ronna? Ronna, she was so horrible
I didn't know her, Ronna McDaniel, and she was so aggressive
She kept calling and said, Could you please come out to Michigan? I said, Who the hell are you? And I said, What do you mean, another trip? So anyway, I made, we had these big crowds
I made it again
Then finally I said, two weeks out, I said, Ronna, no more
We're going to win it or we're not
Okay
00 in the evening for this final deal in Grand Rapids
Sir, could you come to Michigan tonight? And I thought, I was just about finished
I went to a last great state, and I said, It's over
Now I sit back and I watch, and let's see what happens, right? But she said, Could you come to Michigan? I said, that is the most aggressive human being I've ever met
And we did it
And we won Michigan
And the word is that we're much higher right now in the polls than we were ever in 2016 in Michigan
You better remember when you walk into  you know, it's November 3rd this time, November 3rd
By the way though, that evening, that incredible evening in November, one of the biggest nights in the history of television
You never hear them say it, so I might as well
That election  and my debates  you see their debates are dying
Who wants to watch Buttigieg, Buttigieg? Buttigieg! You know that you pronounce it they say  I heard some guy saying, No, no, because it's an unpronounceable name
That's why they call him Mayor Pete, right? Mayor Pete
Mayor Pete
Mayor Pete! I've had you up to here, Mayor Pete
No, Buttigieg is leading
How does  no, you say it this way
You say it  they call him Mayor Pete, because nobody can pronounce his last name
That's the only  people think it says  by the way, you know what? I'm not going to say bad things about him
You know why? I'd love him to win
I thought I knocked off Pocahontas
I did it a year too early, a year too early
I give her credit, she then started to come back
I don't think she's going to make it though
She's gasping
She's gasping for air
But I saw them pronouncing Buttigieg, and they said, Here's what you do, boot edge edge
Say, Edge, like the edge of a building
Edge edge, Buttigieg
Alfred E
Newman
You got to be older to know what that means
But congressional Democrats are directly attacking 2
3 million Michigan voters who rose up in 2016, won the state, and now the Democrats are very upset
They want to get Michigan back
They just don't know how to do it, because they didn't do a thing for Michigan
They didn't do anything for Michigan
All they did was take away your companies and let them go to Mexico and other places
You know, I don't know if you know it, Mexico has 32% of your car business
You know that, right? Not because of me
They're not moving
But Mexico has  32% of our car business moved to Mexico
Can you believe this? Before I got there, but that's what I used to talk about
I said, when I was honored that night, I said, How do you let this happen? How do you let all these companies leave? It used to go,  it's probably maybe the single biggest reason I ran for president
It might be the  and I had a lot of them
Immigration, I had a lot of them, but that may be the single biggest
With today's illegal unconstitutional and partisan impeachment, the do nothing Democrats, and they are do nothing  all they want to do is focus on this, what they could be doing  are declaring their deep hatred and disdain for the American voter
This lawless, partisan impeachment is a political suicide march for the Democrat Party
Have you seen my polls in the last four weeks? It's crazy
It's crazy
You know why? Because people, we have an election right down the road
I announced three months ago that I'm running, right? I'll give you a little clue
I announced because I figured once I announce, they'd never impeach, nobody would be so stupid
But they'd been trying to impeach me from day one
They've been trying to impeach me from before I ran, okay? Because if you remember when I ran, I went immediately to number one, never came off number one
We had center stage from day one in the debates
So we had, I don't know, 14, 15 debates
We had a total of 18, actually
People forgot there was one that they never talk about it, but that's okay
But we had 18 people, and I was center stage
And I said, Wait a minute, this is no good
I want odd numbers, because of your center stage, if you have a 10 that means two people are in the middle
So I said, Make it 11 or make it nine, or I'm not showing up
And generally they did it, because we were way ahead from the beginning
But I made a lot of great friends out of that group, and many of them are good friends today
Although you wouldn't know it based on the  they say that was the meanest  that was a pretty mean primary, you got to say
Wasn't that fun? I liked it
Through their depraved actions today, Crazy Nancy Pelosi's House Democrats have branded themselves with an eternal mark of shame, and it really is
It's a disgrace
Democrat lawmakers do not believe you have the right to select your own president
They think that the Washington swamp, which we believe it or not, it ain't easy, because they got so much stacked, including these guys
You know what? These guys are apart of the Democrat Party
They are a part of it
You might as well call them Democrats
You know, it's owned by Commicast
They're just as bad as CNN, or they're just as bad as MSNBC
And by the way, CNN and MSNBC, their ratings are down the tubes
It's great
I love it
I love it
But they think the Washington swamp should be able to veto the results of an election
That's what they think
There's never been a time like this
Think of it, you have the greatest economy in the history of the world
Other countries come to see me, all of their leaders, and they say, Sir,  first thing, Sir, congratulations on your economy
We're trying to do the same thing
Congratulations, sir
And these guys don't like talking about it
And if they do, they say, Obama did it
Oh, Obama, Obama
Remember Obama said, You will never be president
He will never be president? Then remember he said, I will consider it a personal front if you allow him to be president? And then I became president
He wasn't so happy
And in all fairness, he campaigned harder than Crooked Hillary, because he had more strength
I mean, I go to these places, Secret Service, they take me
I haven't seen a lobby in three years
It's true
I go through basements
I pass compactor plants
I know more about compactors from this job
I don't see lobbies
I say Fellows, you think you could ever maybe take me through a lobby? No, sir
But I'll tell you what
I go upstairs, downstairs, all around
They're taking me up three flights, go down one
I said, Are we almost there? Yes, sir, another four flights
And I say, You think Hillary could do this? I don't think so
They'd bring her back home
She wants to go to sleep
And now I hear she wants to run again
Wouldn't that be great? Oh
Thank you
Thank you
Oh would we love that? You think the Democrats are screwed up? Wait until that happens
Wouldn't that be  Oh, there's my guy
Lock her up
Lock her up
Lock her up
Well look, based on the FBI report, you just saw what happened with the IG, where they came out with the FBI
Based on that, you know what? I never stopped you
But now, think of what they did
Think of what they did
Think of how dishonest it all was
They shouldn't even be allowed to have an impeachment, because it was based on dishonesty
It was based on illegality
She went out, and they paid for a fake dossier
They gave money to foreigners to write a fake dossier, totally disproven, totally fake
The FBI then took that fake dossier and they used it in the FISA Court to get approval to spy on my campaign
And if we were Democrats, they would've been in jail two years ago
It's a disgrace
Think of what they did
So they use this fake dossier, and they brought it before this big deal court
It's a big deal, the FISA Court
And they said this stuff, and they lied about it, because Comey, who's another beauty  did I do a great job when I fired his ass? What a great job
Oh no, they had bad plans
No, I did a great thing
That was like throwing a rock at a hornet's nest
Did that place explode? And then we learned about Lisa Page, and her wonderful lover, Peter Strzok
I love you Lisa
I love you more than anybody in the world
I love you more than anybody in the world
It causes problems with the wife, but we won't talk about that
Those tapes didn't work well
No, how about those statements, right? And then they say, In all fairness,  I really liked the report, but how does the Inspector General say  because don't forget, he was appointed by Obama
So I'm not knocking him because he gave us a lot of nuggets, but we had a lot of those nuggets
How does the Inspector General say, You have these horrible  he's going to lose
Isn't he? He's going to lose, or she's going to win 100 million
Did you see all the zeros? It was like  I'm blinking
I says, I think it's 100
He's going to lose 100 to one
Isn't he Peter? I love you so much, Peter
I've never loved anyone like you
He's going to lose 100 million to one, Peter, right? That's right
He's going to lose 100 million to one
But there's no bias
How about the insurance policy? To me, the greatest
Just in case she loses, we have an insurance policy! We're in the insurance policy right now folks! We've been in it for three years, that's what they meant
I mean the insurance policy is on an artificial respirator, because we're doing awfully well
And I'll tell you something, Rush Limbaugh said it
Sean Hannity said it
Laura Ingram said it
Tucker said it
Ainsley said it, but a lot of people have said it
They said, There's nobody in the world that could have handled that stuff that happened, and still created one of the greatest economies, and done more than any other president ever before in the first three years
I understand that
I understand that, but it's my life, very unfair to my family
I have to say this very, very unfair to my family
What they put my family through is a disgrace
Me, it's my life
It's fine
I do
But you know what? What they put my family through is a disgrace, and they ought to be ashamed, and we should get apologies all over the place
So yesterday I sent Pelosi a letter denouncing and condemning her party's outrageous abusive power
That's what it is
They have nothing
They're the ones that should be impeached, every one of them
I mean you got this guy, Schiff
He makes up a statement, and he goes in front of Congress where he has immunity, and he makes up a statement from me that's totally fictitious, totally out of thin air
The worst statement I've ever heard
Many people saw it
I had a person two weeks ago that said, I didn't love the statement you made
I said, Really? Didn't you read the transcripts? I always say, Read the transcript
But didn't you read it No, no
I heard it on television
I watched Adam Schiff
He made it up
I then sent him the transcript
He said, Oh, now I feel better
That's perfect
I call it perfect
He called it perfect
Everyone calls it, if you read it
But here's the thing
He makes up this statement, and it finished
Didn't he have eight quid pro quos? Eight
Could you imagine, you're dealing with a country, and you say eight times that you've got to do something
The first time they say, Well
The second time they say, That's strange
Third time they say, What's wrong? You said eight times? Eight times
They'd have you arrested
They'd have you put into an insane asylum
But he actually said I think he said eight, not seven, eight
And then he finished with, Don't call me, I'll call you
Can you imagine? The President of the United States, Don't call me, I'll call you
You know what that is? That's a mafia statement, okay? That's the head of the mafia saying, Don't call me
This guy actually said that, and then he walked away and people became incensed, because they knew that wasn't the people that read the thing
Most people believed him
He's a liar! Because you know, he's a corrupt politician, 100%
No, he's a corrupt  and then I see him
By the way, you ever see this guy? He walks up to the mics
I mean, we're not  all fairness, look, I don't want to be  because with Me Too, I never even think about looks anymore, okay? I don't talk about looks of a male or a female, but in his case, let's just say  the last time I'll ever refer to this
He's not exactly the best looking guy we've ever seen
No, any mic
He walks up to the mic, and he's so just, This is a sad, sad day for America
Our president is an employee of Russia
I have absolute proof that the president, this is at the beginning, and every week they'd say, Where's the proof? It's coming
It's coming
Then we get the Mueller report, nothing
And I'll tell you what, I know some of the people in this audience
If I spent not $45 million, not 18 Trump haters, I call them the angry Democrats
It was 13, then it went to 18, and then Mueller
Did Muller do a good job? Did he do a good job? No! Boo! How was his performance in front of Congress? Boo! Not the best, but think of this, $45 million they spent
And you know, I heard somebody say, Well, we got back some of that money
Let me tell you, you cost this country billions, and billions, and billions of dollars in all of the things that didn't get done, in all of the embarrassment to our country
You caused billions and billions of dollars, and it was a hoax
But this guy, Schiff, I have absolute proof
I have this
I have that, this, that
Anytime he sees a camera and he's stone faced, stone faced
He's a pathological liar
He gets up, and I've never seen anything like it
Even I was saying, I wonder what he has
What does he have? He says, I have absolute, I said, I haven't spoken to Russia in year
What the hell do I have to do with Russia? But this guy gets up  oh, I think we have a vote coming in
Haleigh! Wow! Thank you, Haleigh, great job
Wow
The Republican party has never been so affronted, but they've never been so united as they are right now, ever, never
And I know the senators, and they're great guys, and women too
We have some great women
We have great guys
They're great people
They love this country
They're going to do the right thing
They're going to do the right thing
So I said in my letter to Pelosi  I love that
You know, usually there's one, two
The Republicans, look, I've said it for a long time
The Democrats are lousy politicians, they really are
They've got horrible policies, open borders, crime is fine, drugs pouring through
I mean, think of what they do
Sanctuary cities, they love sanctuary cities
They're lousy politicians, but they have one thing  two things
They are vicious
They're the most vicious people
The Republicans aren't as vicious
They may learn to be vicious after going through this, though
But the other thing, the Democrats always stick together
Now think of it, three Democrats went over to our side, no Republicans
It's unheard of
And by the way, this is for a hundred years
I'm not just talking about this little point in time
The Republicans are known as, it's always harder to stick together
These people are great
We have a great Republican Party, and we have to get that change
We have to take back the house
You'll have the greatest healthcare ever if we take  and by the way, we had another victory
The individual mandate, just a little while ago, it came over the wires, it was just upheld
The individual mandate is now gone
The most unpopular part of Obamacare
It was just upheld
So I said in my letter to Pelosi, By proceeding with your invalid impeachment, you're violating your oath of office
You're breaking your allegiance to the Constitution
You're declaring open war on American democracy
You dare to invoke the founding fathers in pursuit of this election nullification scheme, yet your spiteful actions display unfettered contempt for America's founding, and your egregious conduct
And listen though, it's so true, it threatens to destroy what our founders pledged, and in fact their very lives to build
You are the ones interfering in America's elections
You are the one subverting America's democracy
We did nothing wrong, nothing whatsoever
This was just an excuse
You are the ones that are obstructing justice
You are the ones bringing pain and suffering to our republic for your own selfish, personal, political and partisan gain
They're bringing pain
The work we could be doing on lowering drug prices, on getting rid of these horrible, horrible situations
You know in the border  the woman is okay? Is she okay? Okay, thank you very much
Thank you
I mean, some of these people are waiting here for three days, right? Thank you
They'll come back
Come back
Merry Christmas! Thank you
Merry Christmas is true
But what they've done with this perversion, it's perversion
And when you watch some of these people get up and speak today, they don't even  You have violated the Constitution
Well, what does he done wrong? Well, we don't know that
They don't even have any crime
This is the first impeachment where there's no crime
I say, Tell me what I did, please
Well, we don't know
You violated the Constitution
You had Turley, who's smart, Alan Dershowitz, these guys
All of them, they said, There's no crime
There's no crime, right? There's no crime! There's no crime! I'm the first person that ever get impeached, and there's no crime
I feel guilty
You know what they call it? Impeachment light
It's impeachment light
That's why, with Richard Nixon, I just see it as a very dark era, very dark, very  oh, you don't even like to think
I don't know about you, but I'm having a good time, it's crazy
But I also know we have a great group of people behind us in the Republican Party, we really do
Maybe I wouldn't feel the same way, but we have a great group of people behind us
We had in the House, and we have it in the Senate
They're doing a great job, so I'm not worried
I'm not worried, because it's always good when you don't do anything wrong, you get impeached
That may be a record that will last forever
But you know what they have done? They've cheapened the impeachment process
And now anybody that become  this is a sacred position
Anybody that becomes president, I mean, they could have a phone call and they get impeached
So if the Republicans  if you had a Democrat as president, we have a Republican house, they don't like the guy for whatever reason, or the woman, they impeach the person
It's cheapened it
It's exactly what our founding fathers didn't want, and they said it could happen, and it's happened
But I know one thing, Americans will show up by the tens of millions next year to vote Pelosi the hell out of office
But it's so disappointing
I see a woman, Carolyn Maloney
She's a long time, nothing much, believe me
She's a Congresswoman from Manhattan, the east side
I was with her
Her first race, I helped her
She was always so nice, Oh, thank you, thank you
I made lots of contributions over the years
In New York, if you're not a  it's purely Democrat, especially in Manhattan
So what happens? I make lots of contributions for years, and years, and years
I go run
The first person I see, Carolyn Maloney
I raise my hand to impeach
Well, give me back the damn money that I've been paying her for so many years
Let her pay me back all the money
Let her pay me back all the money
Then you have this Dingell
Dingell, you know Dingell, from Michigan
You know Dingell? You ever hear of her, Michigan? Debbie Dingell, that's a real beauty
So she calls me up like eight months ago
Her husband was here a long time, but I didn't give him the B treatment
I didn't give him the C or the D
I could've
Nobody what is, you know? I gave the A+ treatment
Take down the flags
While you're taking them down for ex-Congressman Dingell  Oh, okay?   do this, do that, do that, rotunda everything
I gave him everything
That's okay
I don't want anything for it
I don't need anything for anything
She calls me up
It's the nicest thing that's ever happened
Thank you so much
John would be so thrilled
He's looking down
He'd be so thrilled
Thank you so much, sir
I said, That's okay, don't worry about it
Maybe he's looking up? I don't know
I don't know
Maybe, maybe
But let's assume he's looking down
But I gave him A+, not A, not B+, not B
I gave him the A+, and she called me
She said, Oh, no
I won't go into the conversation, because it's not fair do that
But all I want to say is, let's put it this way, it was the most profuse thank you that you could ever get on a scale of zero to 10, it was a 10
Okay, so that was what? February or something
Now they talk about this phony impeachment, and she's out there, Well, we have to look seriously at our president, because he may have violated the Constitution of the United States
Boo! And I can't be happy with that, because I love our country
I love this, and I love that
She loves everything
I said, She's a no, okay? No, but I look at her, and she's so sincere, and what happens? I vote to impeach Trump
And you know what? I didn't say, Who the hell knew this was even going to come up? I went through the whole Muller hoax
They did this big report
I was totally exonerated
They didn't even bring it up at the impeachment, because I was totally exonerated
If they saw one little kernel, one little quarter of a sentence  look what they did with one word
Remember this, what did I do? Why did I do? It's us
But they don't say it that way
They say, I
They read it totally different, schiff and his band of thieves, they read it
Now I say basically, very simple, do us a favor, our country
Do us! Do us! Not me! Our country! And then what do I say? I say, The United States Attorney General, Attorney General of the United States could speak to you, it would be great, okay? Because it's known for major corruption
In fact, the new leader of Ukraine got in on a construction  on a platform where he looks for all of the problems of dishonesty, and everything that was going on in Ukraine, right? He looked for it, that's how he got into office
He got into office that way
So we take it and they repeat it a thousand times, and they never say with the right  so I go wild, and we start
And the Republicans have got it right
Now we always correct him, but I use the word us
Us is the United States, our country
And then it actually says, I think, Comma, country, but they don't say that
They say, Do me a favor
How many times have you heard it? Where they say in a speech? And then the president said, do me a favor
Well, that's not what I said
I said, Do us a favor, our country
And then I said, the Attorney General of the United States, I didn't say my campaign- I said the Attorney General of the United States, I didn't say my campaign manager
Okay? I said the attorney  And these people want to impeach the President of the United States for that? Oh, and then what happened? Right? Then what happened? So then, the President of Ukraine, who's a quality person, said there was no pressure exerted whatsoever
That was a killer for the Democrats, right? Then his foreign minister said the same thing
He said there was no pressure exerted whatsoever
There was no pressure
That's a killer
So now did you see what the Democrats did a couple of days ago? They tried to say that he's not a strong person, that he was weak
They used the word weak, that he was weak, and under the power of Trump, he said
Do you know how insulting that is? Anybody that becomes president of a country, and that's a big country and it's a tough country, you got to be tough
He's tough
But so what they're saying now is he was weak because the wording, it just doesn't fit
Okay? These are really dishonest people
And if the press was fair, this thing never would have happened
So the House Democrats are surrendering their majority, their dignity, their reputations
They look like a bunch of fools
And I'll tell you, we have a lot of new stars in the Republican Party, I could read off a list of 20 names
But they're giving up their honor, and they'll receive a big backlash at the box office
When you take a look, that ballot box, that ballot box on November 3rd, I think we're going to have crowds like we've never had
And I'll tell you something, it used to be, they'd always say, Oh, the Republicans
You know, in 2018, I didn't run
I didn't run, right? They all said, Oh, we didn't
Well actually, we picked up two seats in the Senate that these guys never talk about
We just approved 171 federal court justices, 171 federal justices, including courts of appeal, 171
We'll be up, probably by the end of the year, to 182, and for that, I thank President Obama
He gave me 142 openings
He gave me 142
I said to him, my people, I got there, because they say the most important thing you could do as a president is judges and Supreme Court
We have two great Supreme Court judges
Right? Two Justices of the Supreme court, Kavanaugh, Gorsuch
Two great men
They're great
And how about the pain that they put Justice Kavanaugh through, right? Over a phony deal, I hate to tell you
Over a phony deal
What a disgrace, what they put that man through and that family through
Just remember it come November
You got to remember, it's a long time
You know, in the life of Trump, 10 months is an eternity
It's a long time
Somebody said, Congratulations sir, you're going to win
I said, Don't say that
Just don't talk about it
Let's always pretend you're one point down
Like last time
Going to be close
Nope, it's going to be close
But what they put that man through was horrible, what they put his family through was horrible
And you know, those stories largely have been recanted
And frankly, the ones that didn't recant, I don't know what a Supreme Court judge does, but he should sue them
He should sue them
So we want to take back the House, we'll hold the Senate, and we'll keep the White House
You will have the greatest healthcare
You will continue with the greatest judges
You know, we have judges that are  We just had a great story in the Wall Street Journal
I have to be always very truthful, because if I'm a little bit off, they call me a liar
They'll say, He gets a Pinocchio, the stupid Washington Post, they have Pinocchio
I mean, even if you're saying things perfectly, it's a Pinocchio
There's nothing you can say where you don't get a Pinocchio
But what happens, what happens is we have Wall Street Journal the other day got the best story
They said, Whether you like him or not, the job he's done on judges and Supreme Court Justices, but the job he's done on judges is amazing
Say it's the most important thing
See, I don't agree
I say defense is the most, the military is the most
But once you're beyond the military, I mean to me defense is the most important
Because without good defense, maybe we don't need judges so much, right? It's like somebody said, Well, we violated the budget
I said, Do me a favor, don't worry about the budget
If we're attacked and aren't doing very well and somebody says, Well, at least we have a good budget,' that doesn't work too well
Right? That doesn't work
So we have great military, we have great judges, we have great everything
Drug prices down
For the first time in 51 years, drug prices came down
And that was with no help from the Democrats
If they helped, because you need their votes, if they helped, I could get those drug prices down 40 and 50%
Okay? And we just approved, and we're approving very soon for the Governor of Florida, Ron DeSantis, where he can buy, he has the right to go, we're giving him the right to go and buy from a foreign country, where the prices for the identical drug, identical drug are 50% less
He's going to do that for the people of Florida
And we're going to do that for your governors if they want to do that
We'll get that down so far
Everyone in America can see straight through the Washington Democrats' phony, dangerous charade
Schiff makes up so many things
Pelosi makes it up, and she backs him up
I saw her on a television show, and George Stephanopoulos, that's another beauty, he said, even he said, he was defending me
I couldn't believe it
He made this statement, But you know he lied on that
He made up this stuff
No, he didn't, he didn't
So that means Nancy Pelosi said no, the statement that he made up
But it's all going to end soon, and it's going to come out to a beautiful, great victory for the Republican Party and for this nation
Thank you very much
So that's it
We have the greatest country
We've turned around a ship
We need four more years
If we don't have it  Now, if you want to drive them crazy, we had one group in Pennsylvania, some guy started screaming,  16 more years
16
They went crazy
And you know what they don't understand? When I do get out, they're all going to go out of business
They're making more money than they've ever made
That crazy New York Times, one of the worst newspapers in the world, one of the most dishonest newspapers in the history of the world, totally phony
They came out with a story, where it was a great headline for me, and the people that read it, the super radical left, they called and complained so much that they changed the headline and took it from positive to negative on a good story
Can you believe it? No, they're among the most dishonest people
But I'll never forget, before I took that great escalator ride down with our First Lady  Our First Lady is doing a great job, great job
I said, First Lady, you're so lucky I took you on this journey, this wonderful, beautiful journey
And it is
You know why it's a wonderful, beautiful journey? Because look at, what we're accomplishing is unbelievable
It's unprecedented
It is unprecedented what we're accomplishing
You're so lucky, I said it to all my people
I have great people in the back
I say, You folks are so lucky I took you on this
You could be home right now, relaxing
But I'd rather be here, frankly, than any place
These rallies are great
They're inspiring
You are inspiring
And you know, it's funny, we're not even into election season
Yeah, it's a long way away
We're not even in it
And yet, I think the enthusiasm right now is greater than it was even before the 2016 election
Does that make any sense? I think a lot of it has to do with a witch hunt
A lot of it has to do with the phony, witch hunt because you're smart people
You're the elite
They're not the elite
You're the elite
You're the elite
You do better than they do
They talk about it, don't you hate it? Well, the elite   Oh really? I went to better schools
Many of you went to better schools
We won't talk about homes, even though your homes are nicer
We won't talk about jobs
You see the jobs reports? You see what's happening? Do you see where wages are going up? You know, when I first started, when I was here, one of my first speeches, I was talking that people made more money, that was four years ago, so it was 20 years before that, so that's 24, 25 years ago
They made more money 24 years ago than they were making when I got elected president
And they worked one job versus two or three jobs
Now it's going up beautifully and we want that, the salaries
And you know, the number one group of people that are going up is the blue collar worker
It's percentage, the best
The blue collar worker
They had two and three jobs
The blue collar worker is going up the most
Anyway, so you know what else? The thing I'm happiest about, African American unemployment, the lowest in the history of our country
African American
Remember I used to say, you remember, look at, you
Are you the greatest guy? Everyone thinks, do I pay? I'm telling you, I have a group of African American guys, and gals by the way, that follow me around and they think I pay them, and I don't
I love them, they love me
They come
How many rallies have you come to? A lot
They're great people, just great
Thank you
I don't even know who the hell he is
Is that right? I don't know him, but I like him
I see him at so many rallies
I appreciate it
You and your group, they're great people
Thank you
So you're obviously doing well if you can travel around like that, right? Ah, he knows
I appreciate it, I really do
I think it's fantastic
Thank you
Thank you
But think of this, African-American unemployment is the lowest it's ever been in the history of our country
Their poverty levels, they had a horrible poverty level, in the negative sense, now their poverty levels are the best they've ever been in the history of our country
Same with Hispanic Americans, the best unemployment numbers and employment numbers
And the same with Asians, the best unemployment
And women, I'm sorry, 71 years, best in 71 years
I've let the women down! But I think within another couple of months, you'll be historical
So only 71 years best
The best in 71 years
But what we're doing has been an incredible thing
It's an incredible thing
When I'm on the debate stage with one of these characters, and they try and say negative stuff, I'll just say, Well, here's the story
In the history of our country, this group is doing the best, and that group is doing the best, and the women are doing the best, and everybody's doing
And frankly, you know what it is? The whole country's doing the best
Okay? The whole country is doing the best
So we have records and everything, and yet they're trying to, and they really are, I've never seen anything like it, they're accusing me, really, of doing what Joe Biden  Biden admitted what he did
How about this? They protect him
Did you see the crummy debate? Those debates are so boring
They're dying in the ratings
They're dying, they're dying
 While it's totally unsupported! What's unsupported? He's on tape saying that he's holding back $1 billion from Ukraine unless you change the prosecutor
How about that question? I won't say who answered, because you know I'm not, I actually used to like the guy, he was a nice guy to me, but now I don't like him so much, but that's okay
But he goes, While it's totally unsubstantiated, and while we beg your mercy that we're asking you even to bring up this question, but President Trump said you refused to give $1 billion of taxpayer money to Ukraine unless they get the prosecutor to stop looking at your son and your son's company
And Sleepy Joe gives a sleepy answer, and that's the end of it
That's it
Then whenever I bring it up, do you ever notice they always use,  While these charges are totally unsubstantiated? He's on tape! If that were me, it's the electric chair
They would bring the electric chair back
No, the guy's on tape, and they always say it's unsubstantiated
It is not supported by fact, one of them the other day, they finally changed the word
It is supported by fact
No, it's supported by tape
No, it's unbelievable
In many ways, I'd like to have him win because number one, he's going to have to eventually answer that question, and number  She said he doesn't know where he is
That's the other problem
Now, I've been doing this for a long time, and I have much bigger crowds than anybody's ever had in history
By the way, do you know what? I say it against the fake news, because you know what they're going to say
Every stadium is packed
I give my people one instruction, get the largest stadium you can get
Now, that's why I was a little surprised
But in Battle Creek, you don't have that many, right? Not too many stadiums
But I wanted to be here
You know why I wanted to be here? First of all the crowd is incredible
The crowd outside
But let me tell you
No, you know why I wanted to be here? Because we have a lot of choices, but I wanted to be here because this area supported me so overwhelmingly, and I said, I want to be there
Pretty simple, pretty simple
Pretty simple
I wanted to be here for that reason, and I just want to say thank you, because I'll tell you what, you came in  I don't know, I didn't get 100%, but we got a damn good percentage, right? We got a damn good percentage
So it's really thrilling to be here
But we're joined tonight by many terrific Republican leaders
Your Michigan House Speaker, Lee Chatfield
Where's Lee? Lee, come up if you want
Come on, what the hell, we have nothing else to do
Should we get him up? Yes
Come up Lee, come up Lee, get up here
Come on up, Lee
Republican Party Chairwoman, Ronna McDaniel, who I spoke to
And the bottom line on the end of her story, so when I won I said, Who's going to head up the RNC? I said, I got to get that woman from Michigan
Remember they were all saying, You can't win Michigan? Now we're going to win it by so much, you better remember all those
Every time a car plant opens, please think about Trump
Come on up here, Lee
Michigan GOP Chairwoman, Laura Cox
Thank you
Hate to tell you, but all your congressmen, you know where they are right now
Your congressmen, all of your Congresspeople, men, wonderful people, they're at a place called Congress right now
They're doing an unbelievable job of supporting your President and supporting you
They had a choice, Sir, should we leave and be there? I said, Don't leave
Stay right where you are
That's why we got that vote
That's some vote, right Lee? The Chairman of the Woman's Workers and Workers for Trump, and a proud union autoworker, Terry Bowman, who's been so terrific
Thank you, Terry
Come on up
And while Democrats are obsessed with impeachment, we're focused on jobs, jobs, jobs
This group, local leaders
And all your Washington folks, they are right where they have to be in Washington tonight
Thank you
Thank you
Great job
Thank you very much
We've eliminated more job-killing regulations than any administration in the history of our country, whether it's four years or eight years, or in one case, much more than eight years
In a period of two and a half years, we have eliminated more regulations than any other president, by far
You're saving almost $3,000 a year because of regulation cuts
Total income gains for median households will reach $10,000 a family
I'll give you a couple of quick numbers
So under President Bush, for eight years, you saved $450, meaning you took in 450 bucks
Okay, fine
Under President Obama, you took in $975
Under President Trump, including the energy savings, and the regulation savings, and the tax cut savings, it's more than $10,000 in less than three years
Pretty good, right? So for two eight-years, you had a 400, 450, and a 975
That's eight years
450
In less than three years, you had more than $10,000
That goes right into your pockets
It's one of the reasons our economy is doing well, because, as they say, the consumer is doing better than they've ever done
And that's great, that's what we wanted
We've ended the war on American energy, and the United States is now the number one producer of oil and natural gas on planet earth
And these maniacs want to close it up
How about going to Texas? You know Beto? What? Remember what he said, I said, Oh, this guy's a loser
You know a salesman, like if you're a great salesman, you never talk that you're a great salesman
You don't walk in and say, Well, I'm a great salesman
I can sell   Any guy that does that, they're no good
It's those quiet type that get you
You know, the ones that don't talk
So Beto, when he first got in, remember this clown? He gets in, no, no, he gets in
I was made for this job, to run for president
After about two weeks, they killed him
He was gone
But you remember, he was against the Bible, he was against religion, he was against guns, and he was against oil and gas
And he comes from Texas
I said, that's a platform
Think of it
He's against religion, he's against guns, and against oil and gas
Think of it
I don't like to bring it up because he's gone zone, but he comes from Texas
I said, Abraham Lincoln can't win in Texas with that platform
But they are, all of them, they want to close up your energy
It's a big deal
They want to close up your steel mills
They don't want your steel mills
Look at what I've done for steel
I mean, the steel is back
We taxed all of the dump steel coming in from China and other places, and your steel mills that are doing great, they're expanding all over the country
And they were going to be out of business within two years
The way they were going, they were gone
United States Steel is spending now billions of dollars on expansions
Every major Democrat running for president has pledged to eliminate gas powered automobiles and destroy the U
S
auto industry forever
And you know why? Because they have these maniacs that say you got to go all electric
I want to have an alternative, a big alternative
You're going to always have the alternative
And a lot of people don't know of the electric can ever catch the gas, you know? And by the way, there'll be different forms of energy coming along
But they want to close them up, and we're not closing them up
We're going to have lots of alternatives so that you can have it from a pricing, you can have it for a lot of different reasons
We're even bringing back the old light bulb
You heard about that, right? The old light bulb, which is better
I say, Why do I always look so orange? You know why? Because of the new light, they're terrible
You look terrible
They cost you many, many times more, like four or five times more
And you know they're considered hazardous waste
When a light bulb is out, you've got to bring it to a dump
So let's say, over here in Battle Creek, where's your nearest dump? Okay, that's what, a couple of hundred miles away
So every time you lose  drive a couple of hundred miles, right? I said, How many people do that? Nobody
What do they do? They throw it in the garbage
But you know what it is, because it's all gas
It's much more expensive, four or five times more
And I came into office, I did a lot of this
Sinks, showers, all of this stuff, I did a lot of it
No water comes out
You have areas where there's so much water, you don't know what to do with it
You turn on the shower, you're not allowed to have any water anymore
I mean, we do a lot of it
Dishwashers, we did the dishwasher, right? You press it
Remember the dishwasher, you'd press it, boom, there'd be like an explosion, five minutes later you open it up, the steam pours out, the dishes
Now you press it 12 times, the women tell me, Again
You know, they give you four drops of water, and they're in places where there's so much water, they don't know what to do with it
So we just came out with a reg on dishwashers
We're going back to the old
By the way, by the time they press it 10 times, you spend more on water, and electric
Don't forget, the whole thing is worse because you're spending all that money on electric
So we're bringing back standards that are great, and better machinery that you can have the water again, right? But with the light bulb, I said, What's going on with the light bulbs? A lot of people are complaining about the cost
So I had a couple of experts come in, I said, Tell me, what gives a better light? Well, we liked the old light bulb better
I said, I like it better
And so what I did is you can have either one
If you want to buy the newer kind, you can
And if you want to look very handsome or beautiful by buying the older kind, like I do
So we're bringing back the old light bulb
So it's a much less expensive, it probably gives a better light
But whatever it is, and you'll be able to spend a lot less money for a light bulb
I mean, it sounds like little, but it's big stuff
Okay? It's big stuff, and we're doing it with a lot of other things, our dishwashers
And you know, I won't tell you one of the things, because every time I tell you, they do a big number on it
You know the one I'm talking about, right? Sinks, right? Showers
And what goes with a sink and a shower? 10 times, right? 10 times
Not me, of course, not me, but you, him
But I never mention that, because one time I mentioned all three, I said, Sinks, showers, and toilets
The headline was, Trump with the toilets, toilets
That's all they want
They don't even mention it
So I didn't mention that, okay? I go off the record
But you know what? It's terrible
You want to wash your hands, you turn on the sink, no water comes out
So you leave the water going 10 times as long, it's the same thing
You have a shower, drip
It's no good for me
For me
You know the one thing that came out really good about being in this business? They always used to say I wore a hairpiece
It's okay
I know people wear hairpieces
But they always used to say
They don't say that anymore because I have been through the worst storms
If you wear one of those suckers, you got to give it up fast because within two weeks they got you
You look handsome, don't worry about it
But in the last two decades before my election, we lost one in five auto manufacturing jobs in this country
The people are trying to impeach us for doing all of the things that they've wanted to do for so many years
And that's why it doesn't work
We look so forward to taking it on, and it is all about cleaning the swamp, draining the swamp, and we have a very, very big, bad, dangerous swamp
Okay, that's enough of that
That's enough
So among the very first acts that I did was to stop the deal that would have dealt a death blow to the U
S
auto industry
I withdrew from the horrible Trans Pacific Partnership
That would have ended your auto industry
A lot of people don't know that, but I do
Remember TPP? We were basically ceding our auto industry to these countries that were just going to rip us off
The people that made these trade deals, it's like, where do they come? Like the one in Korea, that was a Hillary Clinton special
She said, This will produce 250,000 new jobs
And I said, Well, what happened? He said, Well, she was right
Except it was for South Korea, not for us
No, it's true
It produced 250,000 jobs for South Korea
These deals were so bad
But now they're getting really good, and some of them are getting great, and over a period of time they are going to be phenomenal
Wait till you see the numbers that start coming out of this country over a short period of time
But we have to go through a little pain, because we have to do it, and then they all say, We're going to withdraw, and then I say, You can withdraw, I don't care
We're putting tariffs on your country
Then they say, We'd love to make a deal, sir
The new USMCA has powerful protections to keep auto manufacturing jobs right here in Michigan where they belong
Since the election, we've created 41,000 brand new motor vehicle and parts jobs, manufacturing jobs
Remember the statement by President Obama? You'd have to wave a magic wand
Remember the magic wand? Because manufacturing  And I said, You know, that sounds strange
What do you do if you don't have manufacturing? How do you make things? Right? Manufacturing jobs won't happen
Well, we've got 600,000 manufacturing jobs, and you're going to see a big, big increase
The truth is, we need more people
You know what? We need more people
We need more people coming into the country, and they're going to come in, and they're going to come in through merit, and they're going to love our country, and they're going to respect our country, and they're going to work
We do need more people
They're opening these massive, Foxconn in Wisconsin, they're opening these massive plants and it's hard to get people
We want people coming in, but they have to come in, only they have to come in through merit
Fiat-Chrysler recently announced a $4
5 billion investment in Michigan, including the first new auto plant in Detroit in more than a generation
And General Motors recently announced a $300 million investment at its Orion Assembly Plant right here in Michigan
Come on, General Motors, let's go
General Motors gave us a little hard time with one building
I wasn't happy about that
That was the only building I had a problem within the whole car industry, right? Right? You know the one I'm talking about
I didn't like that
Anyway, but they're spending money, you know, what can I tell you? But these companies are coming in, a lot of the foreign companies are coming because they have to
I say, You have to, or we're not trading with you anymore
Because we had such big deficits with these countries
With Japan, we had a $68 billion deficit
I said, Shinzo, he's great Prime Minister of Japan
But he said, But nobody has ever asked us to do this
I said, I'm asking you
They are building many, many plants
They're building many plants now in the United States, the Japanese
And after years of rebuilding foreign nations, we are finally rebuilding our nation
Is that okay? We were surrounded with globalists
You know, they think it's okay
You open a plant in some country that you never heard of, they make your product, they send it
In the meantime, they close all their factories here
We're not doing that anymore
Those are globalists
They think it's wonderful to have deficits
I don't
They think it's great
It's a great thing to have deficits
No, those are globalists
The globalists are passe
 our first duty and our one true allegiance is to you, the American people, before anybody else
We must care for our own- We must care for our own citizens first Democrat immigration policies are resulting in brutal assaults and wicked murders against innocent Americans
I don't even know what's happening
It's terrible
And we've moved out thousands and thousands of MS13 thugs out of our country
And we have agreements now with Guatemala, Honduras, El Salvador
They didn't use to take them back
If we had a murderer, then we should get them the hell out
We don't really want them in our prisons and take care of them for 50, 60 years
We want to bring them back
They wouldn't take them
The planes used to go around and around, don't land, don't land
With us, they land
We worked out deals with every one of them
We stopped giving them all the aid
We're giving them all this money and then they said, We're not going to let you land
We're not going to let you take them back
I said, That's okay
500 million, we were giving them
I said, now we give them $5 we give them nothing
All of a sudden they said, We would love to have them back
We would love it
It's wonderful to have them back
In June, two illegal aliens in Sandusky, Michigan were convicted of sadistically beating and stabbing a woman to death with a kitchen knife
Then, they hid her body in a water drain
A criminal alien with two previous deportations was just arrested in Michigan and convicted of brutally beating and strangling to death, a single mother of five young children
It's happening all the time
Far left politicians support deadly sanctuary cities, which deliberately release dangerous, violent criminal aliens out of the jails and directly onto your streets
We had a great election in North Carolina recently, two great congressmen got elected, you don't hear about it, when they win, you don't ever hear about it, just a few months ago
Two great people and they got elected and they got elected because I went in and said, Talk about the fact that you have sanctuary cities and they had some horrible crimes happening from those sanctuary cities
Soon as I mentioned that, boom, they went up like rocket ships and they won their elections and it was great
Great thing
The sanctuary cities are a disaster and let me tell you, the people of California, they don't like sanctuary cities either
They're stuck with them because they have crazy politicians
Earlier this year, authorities in the sanctuary jurisdiction of Kent County, Michigan, anybody know Kent County? Released an illegal alien charged with assault with intent to murder after he repeatedly and viciously stabbed a man in the head with a broken bottle
They let him go to roam free in Michigan communities
If you want to end sanctuary cities in Michigan, if you want to protect your families from criminal aliens, if you want to have a safe life, frankly, it's so crazy what they're doing
You wouldn't even believe it
You have only one choice in 2020, you must vote Republican
Thank you
I'm surprised
As you know, you do have sanctuary cities in Michigan
I was almost surprised to hear it, but you have them
It's one of those progressive things? They think they're doing a wonderful favor for the world
And now we're getting these prosecutors that, you murder somebody, they give you two months, they fight that you don't even have to go to jail
What's going on is crazy
Thanks to our tireless efforts to secure the border, illegal crossings are down 75% since may and we've ended catch and release
We've ended it
We could've ended it so easily
It's called the loophole
You catch him and then you release him into a country
That's what you had to do by law
And if you don't do that, they arrest the border patrol people
You believe this? The border patrol people were in more danger than the criminal aliens coming in and some of these people are not good people
These are the people because look, when you have a caravan of eight or 10,000 people, a lot of those people, do you think that Guatemala, Honduras, El Salvador, do you think they're sending us their finest? I don't think so
Alright
How about the lottery? That was a Schumer deal
Chuck Schumer, crying Chuck, crying Chuck Schumer
I used to be a big contributor to him, he used to kiss my ass, Chuck Schumer
He'd do anything
He would've done anything for me
Anything I asked him, get Schumer on the phone, You do this, you do that
You get him on the phone, that son of a bitch
He would have done, I didn't need anything, but he would have done anything
Now it's like, The prisoner has not acted-
Give me a break
Give me a break
Find out how much money did I give a raise to Chuck Schumer and Chuck, give all that money back please
Carolyn Maloney, give that money back
Every penny should come back
They act so pompous
They act so righteous
They're not righteous
They're not righteous
They're bad people
The far left Democrats have never been more extreme than they are now
Democrats are pushing a socialist takeover of healthcare that will take away your coverage and take away your doctor
180 million people are going to lose
A lot of people here now have healthcare finally under us that's phenomenal
And that's what you want
They want to take it away, 180
They want you to go to a hospital ward someplace and sit there all night
I don't think so
Not in this group
And you know what? Some people, it's good so people, but can you imagine? They want to take away 180 million people, great, private, highly negotiated healthcare where you have your own doctor
Remember Obama? 28 times, You can have your doctor, you can have your plan
Didn't work out that way, did it? I think we should impeach him for that
Let's impeach him, for that, for the IRS scandal, for the guns
Remember the guns, he was giving them to anybody that wanted them
He gave guns to the worst people in the world and then they didn't have them registered, right? Not to good
Impeach him
Why didn't the Republicans impeach him? Those were really, how about giving around $1
8 billion in cash? How about that? By the way, I ended the Iran nuclear deal
I hope you happy, much different country
But how about giving Iran $1
8 billion in cash
Many big planes going over to Iran, loaded up to the ceiling with cash
You know what $1
8 billion, you ever see like at a casino, $1 million wrapped up? It's a big pile of stuff, that's a million
Now multiply it, $1
8 billion in cash he gave
So, why is he allow to do that? Did anybody try to impeach him for that? Everybody knew it was wrong
Republicans will strongly protect patients with preexisting conditions and we will protect your preexisting physicians
Virtually every top Democrat also now supports late term abortion, ripping babies straight from the mother's womb, right up until the moment of birth
Right? That is why I've asked Congress to prohibit extreme late term abortion because Republicans believe that every child is a sacred gift of God
Democrats are now the party of high taxes, high crime, open borders, late term abortion, socialism, and blatant corruption
And that's what it is
The Republican party is the party of the American worker, the American family, and the American dream
And that's really what it is
We're also the party of the great Abraham Lincoln
A lot of people forget that, but we have to bring it up
To protect the health and safety of our citizens, we awarded $100 million to improve water infrastructure in Flint
How badly was Flint? Who were the geniuses that did that to you? You have clean water coming into Flint
They had to pay a very tiny little fee
So instead, they go into this horrible, horrible, really polluted water and the water comes out of there
They spend hundreds of millions of dollars to save like a couple of bucks, and the water was so terrible and it hurt the people
It hurt the people
But we're getting it fixed
And I know your previous governor was a Republican, but I was not a big fan of his
I was not, but I'm not a big fan of the one that can't fix the potholes either
We're committed to ensuring America has the cleanest air in the cleanest water on planet earth, and that's what it's about
It's about clean air and it's about clean, beautiful water
And it's about keeping our industry, not closing it because of the ridiculous Paris Climate Accord
How's Paris doing? I don't think too well
How's Paris doing with the yellow vests? The yellow vests? You know why? Because they raise gasoline prices so they could send them money all over the world to countries that the people in France never heard of
It's not working out too well
We're lowering prices
We're lowering taxes
We're making it possible
I mean, look at gas prices now
Look at gas prices
I recognize Israel's true capital and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem
And we also recognize Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights
Big deal
For years, you watched as your politicians apologized
Member, I would like to apologize
I would like to apologize
Nah, we don't apologize
Now you have a president who is standing up for America and we are standing up for the great people of Michigan
You're getting your auto industry back
At stake in our present battle is the survival of the American nation
If you want your children to grow up, a land of safety, it's really, we want a land of safety, justice
Well, I don't know
When I look at those FBI reports we got out, we got to clean up a lot
What they've done to hurt people, what they've done to hurt with Comey and these horrible people, what they've done to hurt people
I think one of the best things I did as president, a lot of people would say, With all what we've done for the economy and, but one of the best things is firing James Comey's ass out of there
Boy, those reports are kept
Did you see the other day? Well, ah, ah
First time now he said, in other words, he's 50% there folks
He's hit the golden pond
Anyway, so what we're doing is, we're doing things that are going to make our victory, it's like a tree
We need that extra four years
We've done so much, even Right to Try
You know Right to Try? People were traveling, they're terminally ill, they're traveling all over the world
We have the best medical in the world, the best doctors, the best labs, best hospital
They're traveling all over the world, to try and get, because it takes years to get something approved
And I said, Wait a minute folks, why aren't we doing this? And they've been trying to do it for 49 years
They couldn't get it done
Not that easy
The drug companies didn't want the liability, the country didn't want the liability, the insurance companies didn't want the liability
I said, Here's what we do
We'll sign an agreement with the people where you're exculpated from all liability
Huh? That's a good idea
And it's a very strong agreement so we can't get sued
But I said, Listen, they were worried they're going to hurt people
I said, These people are terminally ill
They're terminally ill, and so we do it now
Nine months ago, all the legislators at the 49 years, so if somebody's sick, they don't have to go to Asia, they're have to go to Europe
Or if you're poor, you go home and you die
Now what happens? Very simple
You sign that document, they work it out
You wouldn't believe how many lives are being saved
It's incredible
It's incredible
I'm very proud of it, Right to Try
I hope you don't need it
You don't want it
You don't want it
Okay? But if you do, it's there
With your help, we will lift millions of more of our citizens from welfare to work, dependence to independence and poverty to prosperity
Together we will elect a Republican Congress to create a fair, safe, sane, and lawful system of immigration
We will enact the greatest trade deals ever made
They'll result in more products, proudly stamped with that beautiful phrase, made in the USA
We will achieve new breakthroughs in science and medicine
What we're doing is unbelievable
We're so far ahead of everybody
What we've done in the last three years with the FDA and even the speed of what we're doing, it would take 12, 13, 14 years to get things approved
It's down to a much smaller number, but we're finding new cures for childhood cancer and we are ending the AIDS epidemic in America
We've started the process
Who would've thought that? In 10 years, it's a 10 year process, we will have ended the AIDS epidemic in America and it could have been been started before I came to office
It was just wasted time
We will defend privacy, free speech, free assembly, religious liberty, and the right to keep and bear arms
Above all, we will never stop fighting for the sacred values that bind us together as one America
We support, protect and defend the constitution of the United States
We stand with the incredible heroes of law enforcement
They're incredible, and that includes ICE
You know how tough these people are? These are great patriots
They love our country
Even the sheriffs alone for, some of the people that they're dealing with
These guys walk into the golem's nest and in some cases they just swing it out
They can have it
They love it
These are great
If we didn't have them, and I told you before, they're taking out bad, bad, bad people by the thousands, especially MS13 gang members
Who's going to do that? Who's going to do that? Anybody in the front row? I don't know
What about you? You're a tough guy
You might do it
You could do it
I don't know
You might, yeah, you can
What you like? We're going to recruit you
I think you could handle yourself
Now, these are tough people, right? You got to be tough
Then they get accused, they're too tough
Oh, they're too tough
You have some of these guys
They knife people
They don't even need a gun because it's more painful
They knife the two young girls, 16 years old
Beautiful
They cut them up into pieces because it was more painful than shooting them
These are animals
And then Nancy Pelosi said, I shouldn't use the term animal
And by the way, she ought to go home and take care of her district where the homeless is all over the place and the tents and the filth and the garbage is a eroding right into the Pacific ocean and into their beaches
She ought to go and take care of her district in San
Do you see what's going on? And it rains and it's filth and it's needles and it's drugs and it's, you know what
It's everything and it goes right into those storm sewers
Storm, not sanitary, storm and it goes right out into the Pacific ocean into the beaches and we fine Los Angeles and San Francisco, but we've just sent them a tremendous dollar fine for what they're doing
And Nancy Pelosi is playing games
She ought to go home and take care of the homeless and take care of the filth and everything
San Francisco was the most beautiful city
When you look at what's happened with the tents all over the place, where the police officers are getting sick just from walking the beat, they're getting sick
Diseases are coming back that this world hasn't seen for 30, 40, 50 years
It's a disgrace
She ought to get back and take care of her district instead of wasting time on this nonsense
We believe in the dignity of work and the sanctity of life
We believe that faith and family, not government bureaucracy are the true American way
We believe that children should be taught to love our country, honor our history, and to always respect our great American flag
And we live by the words of our national motto and it's always going to be up there
They want to take everything down
They don't want Thomas Jefferson anymore
They don't want anything
That's a terrible thing and we fight for it, now
We fight
These words will never be taken off
I don't care where I am
If I'm up there, if I'm down here, I don't know, but we'll be fighting
We'll never take these words off, in God we trust
We stand on the shoulders of generations of Michigan Patriots who gave their blood, sweat and tears for this beloved nation
This is the state where Henry Ford invented the assembly line
It's the place where General Motors, Chrysler and Kellogg transformed the nation
It gave us Motown, the Mustang and the might of the American Midwest
This is the American mid west
And Michigan is the state where generations of strong, tough and proud American workers made this into the greatest and most powerful nation in the history of the world
And we are making it bigger, better and stronger than ever before, by far
Loyal citizens like you help build this country
And together, we are taking back our country
We are returning power to you
The American people, the Democrats took the people of Michigan for granted, but with us, you will never be forgotten again
The forgotten men and women of this country will never, ever be forgotten again
And I'm fighting for you
And I love doing it with everything that I have
And I will never, ever stop
And you know that
I will say I could have a much easier life
Some people say, Why is he doing it? You know why I'm doing it because we're doing the thing and look what we're doing is we're bringing back our country again
We're respected again, we're respected again
We are so respected, you don't even know how respected
I went to NATO where we were being ripped off because the other countries, you have 29 countries, and the other countries weren't paying their bills
They were delinquent in real estate
I noticed people are using that word
I've been using it for the last year
It's like a real estate trend
That's when they don't pay their rent, right? Well, they weren't paying and you have to see this chart, until I got there
They got to pay and they said, Well, does that mean you won't protect us? I said, You don't want the answer to that question
Over the last, and the Secretary General Stoltenberg, over the last period of just two years, I raised, not from us, nothing from us, $130 billion, but that's nothing and over a short period of time they will be paying $530 billion more
All of those countries
My biggest fan in the world is Secretary General Stoltenberg of NATO
He says, I never thought this could
I'm telling you, if you look, it's like 15 years just down
President Obama would go there, make a speech, I'd like to thank everybody for being here
Thanks
Look, great job
Sayonara
Goodbye
Bush, they all did
Nobody ever asked for money
We were spending for 100% of NATO
We're protecting Europe
They rip us off on trade, right? They rip us off like crazy
We lose hundreds of billions of dollars on trade
We're changing that, but it's a long time
It's been going on a long time
They don't take your product
They don't take your cars
They don't take your farm product
They don't take your medical machines
We do a big business
They sell us
We don't sell them because they put restrictions
We have better equipment than them, but they make it so that our equipment doesn't qualify
It's called artificial barriers or non-monetary barriers
It's brutal what they do
I'm telling you, they're as bad as China, just smaller
They are as bad as China, just smaller and now China's doing great
We're very happy, but we have to do something with that
We have to take care of our people
We can't be ripped off by these countries, so NATO is ripping us off militarily, but now they're starting to pay big money and that's good
We want to help them
We want to be there with them, but they have to pay
They have to pay
$530 billion and the fake news doesn't even want to talk about it
They don't want to talk about it
They talk about other things
They don't want to talk about that
When you'd get a chance though, just a couple of weeks, maybe you could say over a short period of time, NATO countries will be paying $530 billion more
More, not total
More
How's that? Good
That's not too bad
Nobody else could do that, I guarantee
I won't tell you what took place in those closed door meetings
Some of them don't like me
They like Obama
Germany likes Obama
A lot of these countries, France, they like Obama
It's embarrassing
In France, President Obama is more popular than President Trump
Well, I should be
I just taxed their wine and champagne coming into our country because they're ripping us off on the internet
Okay
If I ever become more popular, that means I'm not doing my job
You should say he's out
It's true
I could be loved in Germany
I could be loved in Germany
Oh, they'd love me
My father came from Germany, parents and I could be loved in Germany
They'd like me so much, but then I'm not doing my job for you
Have to do it
Have to do it
With your help, your devotion, your drive, we're going to keep on working
We're going to keep on fighting
We are going to keep on winning, winning, winning because we are one movement, one people, one family and one glorious nation, under God
America is thriving like never before
And ladies and gentlemen of Michigan, the best is yet to come
Great state
Great state
You better remember all those jobs in a year from now, I tell you
I'll say, That state let me down
I don't think that's going to happen
I'm hearing very good thing
You know the interesting thing, before it was like a promise
I said I'm going to bring car back
I'm going to bring this
I'm going to be pres, it was all like, it's good
You believed me, I was successful, all this, but now we've done it
We have done more than I promised, no politics
I promised, we've done more than we promised
No politician I think, has ever done that
Together we will make America wealthy again
We will make America strong again
We will make America proud again
We will make America safe again and we will make America great again
Thank you
Thank you, Michigan
Thank you

There's a lot of people
That's great
Thank you very much
Thank you very much
That's a big group of people
This is on fast notice, too
Thank you
But I'm thrilled to be here with the beautiful, great, hardworking people of this incredible state
You're really hardworking American patriots
That's what you are, and a lot of people haven't been treated right until I came along
We've done a lot of work and a lot of good work, and you had your best year ever last year
The state had the best year you've ever had
46 days from now, we're going to win Minnesota, and we're going to win four more years in the White House
One of the most vital issues in this election is the subject of refugees
You know it
You know it perhaps better than almost anybody
Lots of luck
You're having a good time with the refugees
That's good
We want to have Omar
He said Omar
That's a beauty
How the hell did she win the election? How did she win? It's unbelievable
Every family in Minnesota needs to know about sleepy Joe Biden's extreme plan to flood your state with an influx of refugees from Somalia, from other places all over the planet
Well, that's what's happened, and you like Omar a lot, don't you? Biden has promised a 700% increase in the manifesto with Bernie, right? A 700% increase in the importation of refugees from the most dangerous places in the world, including Yemen, Syria, and Somalia
Congratulations, Minnesota
A 700% increase
Good luck, Minnesota
Enjoy yourselves, because if I'm not here, if I don't win, I don't know where I'm going to be
But maybe I'll come over to see Mike
I'll come and see Mike
Your state will be overrun and destroyed, and Biden and the radical Left win
That's what's going to happen
I've been watching it for years
They haven't treated you right
They have not treated Minnesota right
Thank you
I'll tell you, these hangers are great
Remember this
It's a friendly protest
Please remember this is not a rally
You're not allowed to have political rallies of any kind
You're not allowed to go to church
You're not allowed to do anything
The only thing you're allowed to do is run wild through the streets, burn down storefronts, blow up stores, and kill people, because that's considered a protest, and that, they allow you to have
You don't have to wear masks at protests
So I said, We can't have a rally
The most we can have is ten people
But why don't we just call it a protest?, because this is a protest
It's a protest against stupidity
Speaking about stupidity, sleepy Joe will turn Minnesota into a refugee camp
Think of it
700% increase
So you're not happy now? Look at that guy over there
He's not too thrilled when he hears this
700% increase is what they have in the manifesto
Now, maybe they don't honor it, but I would say they'll go substantially higher than that number
Biden will overwhelm your children's schools, overcrowd their classrooms, and inundate your hospitals
That's what'll happen
Biden has even pledged to terminate our travel ban to jihadist regions, jihadist regions
They've already been doing that to you, haven't they? Opening the flood gates to radical Islamic terrorists
My administration's keeping terrorists, extremists, and criminals the hell out of our country
We don't want them
We don't want them
We've got enough of them
We've got enough of them
Just today, we deported, as you know very well, dozens of Somali nationals charged or convicted with very grave crimes, including rape, assault, robbery, terrorism, and murder, of course
These hardened criminals are back in their country, where they do all the complaining they want, and your children are much safer as a result
Thank you, President Trump
Thank you
If it were up to Biden, and it's not
It's the people that's around him
They are seriously radical Left Democrats, and they're very dangerous
The offenders are very dangerous, and they'd be running all over your state
Only by voting for me are you going to say  But I hate to say this, and get it with your iron ore
I did it with some other things, and I'll do it for you again
I'll do it for you again
But if you vote for me, I'm the difference, and I'm the wall
You know the wall that we're building on the southern border? I'm your wall between the American Dream and chaos
Joe Biden is wholly owned and controlled by the left wing mob
He has no clue where he is
This is not a sharp guy
Years ago, I said to a certain senator who I was very friendly with, a Democrat, Who's the dumbest senator? Who's the smartest senator? He gave me a name for the smartest
I said, Who's the dumbest? Oh, Joe Biden
You didn't know that? That was 25 years ago
That was in prime time
This is no longer prime time for sleepy Joe
They do disinformation
They make things up, and they make commercials
They make things up
I've never seen anything like it
Everything, they make up
First of all, I'm the one protecting your Social Security
They say, Trump  Remember four years ago, they used to say, Oh, Trump will get rid of Social  I have protected your Social Security
They're going to destroy your Social Security
Remember? Did you ever hear of a man, Fiorello La Guardia? Did you ever? I don't think that happened with him
New York, I don't think it happened with Rudy Giuliani, did it? What a great job Rudy did
You realize Rudy's just now really being appreciated
People forgot how good he was as a man
He was a great mayor
We polled it
I'd go down about 22 points
They want to poll everything nowadays
I don't believe in polls
They poll everything
But Ali Velshi, I don't know anything about the guy, but I know he was standing there
This is really quite a good scene
It's a friendly protest
Everyone's acting  and behind him, the entire city was burning
It's one of the great pictures of all time
The entire city was burning down
That was your city, and it's a shame it took so long, but the governor finally did it at least
If you take a look at Portland, the governor can't quite do it
She can't get there
I speak to her all the time
Come on, Governor
I can straighten out Portland
Give me less than an hour
Just let us have it for  because the state has to ask for it
They have to request
It's a shame
It's such a shame
But in your case, we went, and all of a sudden, it was really  That was going to be a bad night, too, right? Remember that, about seven o'clock? Then you see this guy walked out with about a $250,000 outfit on
That's because it had more computers and this and that
Got the tear gas deal
He's got the whole deal, pepper spray, got everything, the finest outfit you can buy
Believe me
We just paid for them, and they were very expensive
So we see one, the helmet
How about the helmet with the goggles? You can see at night
You can see at day
You can see whenever the hell you want
So there's one
I said, Oh, that's only one guy
Then you see another three, then four
Then you see another ten
They were just getting out of the buses, coming from very friendly territory
He got hit on the knee with a canister of tear gas, and he went down
He was down
My knee, my knee
Nobody cared
These guys didn't care
They moved them aside, and they just walked right to  It was the most beautiful thing, and that would be it
But so they had four or five lines
Then they had lines of different  Everybody did the same thing
Did they ever even move one step back? I don't think so, right? It was just a slow walk right forward
Then they just started walking faster, faster, faster, put a lot of guys in jail, Tom, right? Put a lot of guys  Great Congressman, by the way
Put a lot of guys in jail
Great
Not good
Great
They put a lot of guys in jail that night, Tom, and that was the end of it
I don't think he had any problem after that
If you had any flare-ups, we'll send them in again
But that's all you do
These are Democrat-run disasters
Look at Chicago
Look at Portland
Look at you with Minneapolis
These are disasters
By the way, are they still trying to get rid of your police force in Minneapolis? That's what I heard
See, they never learn
They never learn
They don't  You've got a lot of people here
That's a lot of people
I actually like these
We have the arenas
We've always filled them up
It's been great, and the arenas are good, but usually you have to travel 45 minutes
This thing, you have a hangar
The plane becomes your backstop, right? It's like your curtain
It's a curtain
You get a free curtain
We're outside, which actually makes people happy
It even makes the people that sometimes not everybody here likes happy, because outside is better
It's better, and we're rounding the turn on COVID, by the way
Our vaccines are coming
A lot of things are happening
We're rounding the turn
We've done a great job
We've done a phenomenal job
We don't get credit for that, but we'll discuss that in a minute
But when you look at it, when you look at it, our country is amazing
It's an amazing country
We love this country, and we're not going to let radical Left socialist/communists take over our country
Okay? They use the word socialist, and socialists aren't great
But communists are a hell of a lot worse, and that's where we'd be headed
We're standing in the way of them, this group of people
But you have a lot of groups of people just like this, every place we go
Last night, you know where we were
You saw that it was all over the place, right? That's a big state
That's a great state
Then I see the fake polls
I just saw a poll here, Minnesota
I'm down nine
I don't think so
I mean, I just don't think so
I don't think so, right? I don't think so
It's the craziest thing I've ever seen
This is the craziest thing I've seen
President Trump is down nine in Minnesota
Now I just saw another plane
See the plane? The good thing about these beautiful Air Force Ones, right? That's the smaller version of Air Force One
I think you had a little bit short runway
So they take the smaller to save about $12
No, they took the smaller one
But the great thing about those beautiful planes, they have more televisions than any plane in history
We have televisions in the closet, on the ceilings, on the floors
I've never seen them on the  We have them all over the place, and I'm just coming out
They said, There he is
They said, It's a smattering of people
They called it a smattering
They always do that
Yet Biden with the circles, right? The little circles
He's got like four people in a circle
You know why he does the circles? Because he can't draw a crowd
So they put a circle, like he's supposed to  He's trying to be legitimate
He's going to go by the science
He always says science
He doesn't know what the word science is
So to have these four or five circles, they put people, that way he doesn't have to be embarrassed when he goes to a high school gymnasium and he has 40, 50 people
They had one not so long ago, and you saw this
He couldn't draw a crowd
It was a big thing
It was his opening or something
Couldn't draw a crowd
So they made it a round table
So he went in
They only had like 32 people
They said, This is very embarrassing, one of his people, and that's what they do
They're good
Some of the people surrounding him, they'll say anything and do anything
They said, Let's not make it a speech
There's nobody here
Let's make it a round table
So these people are sitting at a table
They had no idea, and most of them didn't know anything about politics
They didn't even know why they were there
Now they're sitting on a round table, and they're on television
But that's what it is
But they say we had a smattering of people
Yes, smattering of about what? 15,000 people in about two days' notice
This doesn't include the 10,000 people, Mike, that they turned away
I hate that they turned them away
You'd think with an airport, you wouldn't have to turn anybody away, but they have a certain amount
Then sometimes you have Democrats running an airport, and they don't like all these people here
That's true
They don't like it
But if we're up to Biden, your state would be in ruins
Just take a look at what they've done, and I'm going to hit it hard
They make phony commercials about me, and it gives me the right
How about the worst one of all, the worst I've ever seen? Standing on a grave of a fallen soldier, and then they had some guy, a source said  There's no source
The source doesn't exist
They make it up, and then they take it
It's called disinformation
You're not supposed to do that
I'm not even sure if he knows
He's too weak to understand, and he's still weak to control his people
But it allows me to say whatever I want about this guy
The truth is, he's not fit to be your President
He's not mentally fit
If Biden's elected, extremists, like representative Ilhan Omar  Whatever happened to her? You had a great writer who has just made a living off writing about her
She's done so many criminal acts
Isn't it damn disgraceful that she gets away with it? I have to say to myself, I say, How the hell did she get away with that? If we do one  Look at General Flynn
He didn't even lie
They said he didn't lie, right? He's gone through hell
He's gone through hell
This guy wrote page after page of criminal acts
Well, let's see what happens
Who the hell knows? But between her and how about AOC? AOC- AOC is running a campaign against the guy that was supposed to be speaker of the house
Right? Joe Crowley
I knew him a little bit
I asked him once I said, Are you campaigning against this maniac? He said, No, she's just a young girl
No problem
I called him on election night
Nah, I was going to, I was going to say, How did that work out, Joe? That didn't work
He was going to be Speaker Of The House
He's got a certain talent
But you know she had no money, nothing
And all of a sudden she had $2,000,000 and she spent the $2,000,000 all over the place
Her and her boyfriend
Whatever happened to her? Can you imagine if I'd do that? You have to look at that
She spent the $2,000,000 and big story
But that was it
That's one quick story
Oh man
Probably the guy who wrote the story, lost his job at the New York Times
Right? He's now unemployed, but there's a big story
She spent $2,000,000 on bullshit
If a Republican did that they'd be in jail
You know that
It's a different standard and it's a disgrace
And our guys better get on the ball
Look, let me tell you how about yesterday
They were talking about Russia, Russia, Russia
Again, here we go with the Russia
There's never been anybody so tough on Russia with the sanctions
Remember Obama would send pillows
I sent tank busters right to Ukraine
I'm the one that exposed the pipeline with Germany
Germany pays them billions and billions of dollars
And then we're supposed to protect Germany from Russia
I said, How does that work? How does that work? You're spending billions of dollars for energy to Russia
It's all okay
I'm the one that exposed it
What I've done  Hey, they don't want me to go
But if you look, they don't want me to win
Russia doesn't want  Maybe North Korea does because I actually have a very good relationship with him
And speaking of North Korea and you know, it's okay to have really
You don't have to go to wars
We don't have to lose our great soldiers
It's good
If I got along with Putin
Somebody said He gets along well with Putin
I'm saying to myself, But isn't that sort of a good thing? Is that bad
He gets along with Putin
That's a bad thing
But you saw the head of the FBI yesterday started going Russia
Russia is looking at our election
Russia
Here we go again
Russia, Russia, Russia
I said, What about China? What about North Korea? What about Iran? What about   They don't mention anybody else
The narrative seems to be Russia
Millions of phone calls made not one to Russia
Millions of phone calls received not one to Russia
Then he goes, Russia, Russia
Then they asked him about Antifa
What do you think about Antifa? Well, it's an ideology
I said, No, it's not
It's a bunch of thugs and anarchists that are being funded by somebody and find out who the somebody is
It's unbelievable
Unbelievable when you look at this stuff
But seriously, take a look at the AOC
I call it AOC plus three
Her three people that she tells what to do
And $2,000,000
Dresses, rent, other things
You're not supposed to do that
Mr
Congressman, are you allowed to do that Sir? You don't do that
You don't buy dresses do you? If he does that's the end of his career right? No
But it's terrible
Right John? It's terrible
Will prosecute him
I mean, why not? I don't understand it
I'll tell you what
One friend of mine, very sophisticated guy, very successful guy called me up
He says, You know
From the day you came down the escalator with our great First Lady, our future First Lady
He said From that day the people love her
She gave a great speech at the Republican National Convention at The White House
She gave a great speech
But said From the day you came down the escalator with our First Lady
From the single day you've been under investigation
You've been under investigation by sleazebags
People that now we caught, cleaned up their phones
You're not allowed to do that
Right Mr

Congressman? My great hockey player
You're the greatest
Right? But you're not allowed to do that
You know? We want their phones
Oh, here they are
Oh, by the way, they happen to be totally deleted
Like Hillary with the 33,000 emails she deleted
If she is, she's not getting her money worth
Her yoga lessons and her daughter's wedding
Right? So it was about the wedding and the yoga lessons
So I said, Okay, let's give her five or six each
What do you think, Mike? Five or six each
Five for the wedding
Make it 30
Make it a hundred
Make it a thousand
A thousand for the wedding
And for the yoga, let's give her 200
Okay
What about all those thousands and thousands of emails
Probably classified
So Congress  So forget about it
Let's assume they're gone because she deleted them and then she acid washed them
And then she hit her phones with a hammer
I get rid of phones
I've never hit him with a hammer
Not even as President
I say, Yeah
Throw the phone away
No, no
I've never hit a phone
Has anybody ever gotten rid of your phone and taken a hammer and wiped the hell out of it? I don't think so
So she gets a subpoena from the U S Congress
Not in a lawsuit against some guy that hates you and you're fighting and you're fighting or something
By the way you do that, you've got problems in court, big problems
But she gets a subpoena from Congress
U
S
subpoena, the most important subpoena you can get
They get the subpoena
And after she gets the subpoena, by a few days everything is deleted
Her phones are busted up and cleaned and wiped
And everything's gone
And nothing happens to her
Forget about what was on
Now think of how angry it makes me when I see it
Now how angry? Could you imagine if I'd do that it's a whole different ball game
Know how angry it makes me when I see it
And we had an attorney general that didn't have a clue
That was my fault
I was loyal to somebody
Endorsed me early
You know whey he endorsed me? Because I went to Mobile, Alabama
We had 55,000 people show up at a stadium
He said, I'd like to endorse you
Then after we won, he said, I'd love to be attorney general
And I said, No, I don't think so
But after four or five times asking, I'm a loyal person and I did it
The mistakes sometimes you make is because of loyalty, but that's okay
But allowed her to get away with that is a disgrace
Maybe there's something they can do
So forget about looking for the emails
And they are available
And I guarantee they're in the State Department
I guarantee you they're in the state department that ought to damn well find them
They're being protected in the State Department
But forget about that
Almost as good is the fact that you're not allowed to do what she did and her lawyers should pay, Kendall should pay, equal consequence
Equal consequence
Equal
But that's the way it is
But we are making a lot of progress if you see what's going on
I said to myself, I'm going to stay uninvolved
I don't have to
Chief Law Enforcement Officer, can you believe it? But I think it's better if I stay uninvolved
And I have stayed uninvolved and we do have an excellent Attorney General
Bill Barr
And I'll be honest, he's a smart guy
I think he's getting tougher and tougher and tougher every day
I think he's not going to put up with this stuff
I don't think
And you know he's got a lot of people that are deep staters, whatever you want to call them
They fight him at every turn
They fight him, fight him, fight him
But he's getting tougher and tougher
I watched over the last three days, I'm saying, Wow, that's sort of what we're all waiting for
Right? But she deletes her emails
AOC gets rid of $2,000, 000
Gets rid of it
Nothing happens
Nothing happens
And then she goes around and calls us all like what the hell are we? And she controls Nancy Pelosi
Actually Nancy Pelosi would love to get rid of her I think
How about Pelosi? Pelosi goes out and says, You know
I think I have my hair done
So she goes out and she goes into this beauty parlor
I told the story in Wisconsin last night
By the way, we had that great crowd in Wisconsin
You have a feeling about places
You know the problem with Minnesota is that I think since 1972, this hasn't been won by a Republican
So, you're a little behind the eight ball when you hear that
Right? I mean, I can understand
And Wisconsin rarely
But I won Wisconsin
Unlike Minnesota thank you very much
Thank you very much, Tom
Thank you
Unlike Minnesota
But it's my fault
So I had one speech left
It started at one in the morning
I went to Michigan, we won Michigan
That was another one
Great state
We brought back so many auto companies into Michigan
We brought them back
But I had one
It was already voting day
It was election day
Because by the time I got there it was just scheduled
Had I made that one damn stop to your state we would have won Minnesota
I lost by what? A half a point
Half a point
But I get off the plane and they said, He's in Minnesota
He's down nine
The recent poll
Down nine
I believe it's a suppression poll
And you know, I have an instinct about things pretty much
Somebody said Trump has the greatest political instincts of the last 100 years
One of my enemies said that
And I said, No, I don't
I don't believe I do
I think I have lousy political instincts
But what am I going to tell you? Let me just say they said that
And I was very impressed by the statement
In fact, I went to my wife I said, You know, they say I have the greatest political instincts in over a hundred years
And I said, But I don't believe it
I don't
I don't want to be Beto
Remember Beto? I was born to run for president
That was the end of his career
Beto O'Rourke who's in charge of guns
By the way, he's going to take your guns away
You know that, right? Biden
Sleepy Joe
Sleepy Joe is going to take your guns away
Remember Beto on the cover of a really crummy magazine
I won't mention the name
They've got a lot of bad magazines out there
The good news is most of them are dying
If not all of them
But Beto O'Rourke, he did the story and he was going to defeat Ted Cruz
He was going to do all these things
Ted beat him
And I helped a lot too
I was with Ted all the way
And I think Ted's appreciated it
But I even said, I'm putting Ted Cruz as one of the people for the Supreme Court
Right? And you know why I did it? You know why I did it? Because I wanted to make sure that I had somebody on a list we had about 45 unbelievable people, unbelievable
The smartest, the best
The absolute creme de la creme, right? The best minds in the country
Conservative
They believe in the constitution
Little things like that
But I said, You know
I have to have somebody that we're going to make sure we get approved
And the only one I could think of is Ted, because he's going to get 50 Republican votes and he's going to get 50 Democrat votes
They'll do anything to get them out of the Senate
Right? So anyway, but just to finish, there's no way that I'm nine points down
I look at a crowd
So they say instinct, right? So I look at a crowd and whether I have good instinct or not, this is not the crowd of somebody that's going to finish second in the state to a Sleepy Joe
Finish second to a guy that cannot put two sentences together
Now it is an ideology
It doesn't matter
I could put that broken piece of wood right there
I could put that out
And it's the same thing as Joe
It's just an ideology
It's just an idea
Now, historically, we have the biggest gap in enthusiasm of any campaign that they've ever opposed
You heard that
Like 36 points
In other words, they've got no enthusiasm for him
I have tremendous enthusiasm as we can tell
But he does have enthusiasm to beat Trump
His only enthusiasm is put anybody in there
Right? Put anybody in there
He does have enthusiasm to beat Trump
Nothing for him, but to beat Trump
Okay
But historically that never wins
When somebody has to rely on winning because of somebody as opposed to winning because people love you, people respect you  And Sean Hannity did something the other night
He said to this man, If you owned a McDonald's hamburger stand in a reasonably busy area, would you have Joe Biden running that stand? The answer is no
He doesn't have the energy
He doesn't
So he can't run the country
No, seriously
I thought it was good
I never thought of it
You wouldn't have him running your business
You wouldn't have him running a McDonald's
I have to say or a Wendy's
I have a friend he owns Wendy's
He always gets up
Ken, you haven't mentioned Wendy's? Okay
But you know you wouldn't do it because he couldn't do it
And yet he's running for the presidency
He's got no energy
I made a comment that somebody had low energy
That was the end of his political career
But Joe's energy is far lower
It's far lower
No, it's far lower than Jeb
Jeb was on the low side
But Joe, he's off the scale
Right? Joe's got nothing going
Today Biden delivered remarks, barely, to a union after spending 47 years giving their jobs to China and foreign countries in exchange for campaign cash
How about his statement? Hey, we talk about AOC being crooked
She's a hundred percent crooked
Okay
But were talking about that
Look at Omar
She came in here
Did she marry her brother? Where's that writer? That writer should be given the Pulitzer prize
He never will be
He should be though
You know the amazing thing, all of these writers, New York Times, Washington Post, right? Russia, Russia, Russia
Trump
Russia, Russia, Russia
I had 19 people
All brilliant
All radical left
All Hillary people
Actually not even a never Trumper from Bush
Okay
All Hillary Clinton people mostly, almost everyone
They were all Democrats
How about this? You're being investigated by 19 Democrats that are smart people
Okay? Smart people
So my friend says, You know, you are the most honest person in the world
And you've taken three years of total investigation
You don't think they've gone over my taxes
They went over at the biggest tax firm in the country
The most prestigious
They went over everything
They spend 48 million as it comes out now
It's about $48,000,000 investigating me before I won and after I won
And we caught them spying on my campaign
That's what they were really doing
And now with the phones, I think there's like 22 or 24 people
You heard this one? They said, No, no, no
We made a mistake when we deleted our phone
You know what they had to do to make that mistake? Like 19 different formulas
Right? I don't even know how you delete a phone
I didn't know you could do it
But they all made the exact same mistake
That's not good
That's not good
So let's see what happens to them
It's a criminal act you know that, right? It's a criminal act
It's criminal
Weissman's a bad guy
Put a lot of people in jail that shouldn't be in jail, Weissman
He's a bad guy
He's on CNN all the time or MSNBC which I call it MSDNC
Because it's the same thing
Owned by a company called Concast
Did anyone ever hear  With an N, not an M
Con like a con job
Concast
They a fortune on public relations
Comcast has delivered you the news, all the news
And they spend a fortune
And then I go up and make one speech and I call them Concast And that's the end of the PR for the year
They are a bad group of people
They're sick
I mean, they're sick people
They're sick and evil people and they want bad things for our country and they don't report the news
You know, in the old days, when you used public airways free, you had to get a license
I keep saying, If they're reporting fake news, how come they can keep getting a license? Whether it's ABC, whether it's NBC, CBS, or of course, CNN
Which is I mean one of the great jokes of all time, CNN
Or MSDNC
But they're cable so I guess there's a different standard
But when you're using the public airwaves free
Okay? Free
Aren't you supposed to get licensed? So I asked my people that
I ask a couple of guys and I never really get an answer
I just want to know a simple question
Do you have to report the truth when you using free airwaves and making a fortune with commercials and everything else
And I never get the right answer because there are people down deep
It's crazy
But we're getting down to all of it
A lot of progress has been made
I think you're starting to see it
We're trying to beat a terrible group of deep state people
You know I came to Washington  Think of it, think of it
I came to Washington and I had 24 years of putting people in office
And then you can probably add another four to that
And another four to that
I had many, many years, decades of people putting  So I came
Been to Washington I guess 17 times I never stayed over
Right? Never slept over
I was there 17 times
But we're riding down the beautiful Pennsylvania Avenue
And I look outside at those police
I love our police
We've got to treat our police better
I had everything
I had police
I had military
I had soldiers
I had everything you could possibly have
You never saw so much how power and strength and beauty
The beauty
And they were so proud
They're all saluting, they're so proud
They're happy to have gotten rid of that crowd that was there before us
They're proud
They're great
The police
You know, every single police force I think endorsed me
I got the one yesterday from Chicago
That's not easy
Chicago endorsed me
New York's finest endorsed me
Florida
Ohio
I mean, everybody
I don't know that he's gotten one vote
Then he says he can't mention the words law and order
Can you believe it? And then I get to the most beautiful house in the world
I can have Mar-a-Largo and all of them
But I'll tell you The White House is still The White House, no matter how you do it
And I get to this gorgeous, beautiful place
And I'm up at the incredible suite level and there's Abraham Lincoln's suite
It's called the Lincoln bedroom
Remember Clinton used to lease it out to people for money
They never change do they
Remember when Barbara Streisand, she's another beauty, by the way
But remember Barbara Streisand used to stay in that suite? Which was the only problem I had with it
But tell me  No, but I do like her voice
I do
I really do
Some of them I don't like even their voices
But she used to stay there
And I'm standing in the Lincoln bedroom
The history of the whole thing
The bed, the desk, the Gettysburg address, the beautiful four score and seven years ago
This beautiful Gettysburg address
He wrote it there
And also on his carriage ride up to Gettysburg
He delivered the Gettysburg address and they say the only one that got worse press than I did was Abraham Lincoln
Did anyone ever hear that? And I said, No way they got worse
Maybe he got bad
But no way he gets worse
Now people are starting to say, It's probably true
I think you've got the worst
Now they used to say, No, no
Newt Gingrich, great guy
He said, Nope, Abraham Lincoln got the worst press
They were worse to him than anybody
He was a very depressed person
His wife was very depressed
It was a depressed kind of a thing
He's in a war, he's in a revolution
And he was getting beaten a lot by Robert E
Lee
They want to rip his statue down all over the place
But Robert E
Lee whether you like statues or not, they don't rip statues down anymore
I signed a law
10 years in jail if they rip them down
But Robert E
Lee won many, many battles in a row and it was supposed to be over in one day
It was supposed to end immediately because the North was too powerful for the South
But it just shows when you have leaders, when you have a great general
And Robert E
Lee, he would have won except for Gettysburg
And that was because his general was killed who's going to lead Gettysburg
Never fight uphill, me boys
Never fight uphill
He heard they were going up hill
Stop them, stop them
But we had no cell phones in that day, right? Congressmen? No cell phones
So they sent the horses to stop him
Stop him
But it was too late
They fought uphill and they got slaughtered
That's what happened
But Robert E
Lee these were incredible things
But I hope you appreciate that we had a period of time when they were ripping down all of the statues and monuments
And I said to my people four months ago, I said, This is crazy
These people
And they don't even know
They started ripping down Abraham Lincoln
When they hit Lincoln I said, Wait a minute
This is the man
And you can't do  Then they hit George Washington, Thomas Jefferson
They hit everybody
They even had Gandhi
All Gandhi wanted was one thing
Peace
May we have peace
Rip down the statue we don't like it
I don't think they have any idea what they're doing
I think they're just a bunch of thugs
Okay? You want to know that? I think they are a bunch of thugs
They were going to March on Washington and they were going to rip down a statue of Abraham Lincoln
You know the exact statute
Its up very nicely
Up now
And by the way, they can take them down legally
They go through Congress as a way of doing it
But they didn't want to do it that way
And they were marching on Washington
And I said, Do we have any laws about this? They said, No, sir
Now in Congress, the way it is now, the most you get is about a $10 fine
You rip down a $5 million statue and you got a $10 fine
Right? It's different world
That's when it was strong and they had laws
But we told and found this old act
And the old act said, if you rip down a monument or a statue, you get 10 years in prison
They call it prison, not jail, which sounds even worse
I said, Bring that sucker up immediately to the Oval Office because there are a lot of people coming to Washington
They were going to March on the Jefferson Memorial
Do you believe that? The Jefferson Memorial
We grow up  The Jefferson Memorial
They were going to March on the Jefferson Memorial
They were going to do damage to our beautiful Jefferson Memorial after Thomas Jefferson
And I did predict that
A friend of mine said, You know, two years ago you said, next will be Robert E
Lee and then comes Washington
And Jefferson and Lincoln
They'd never stop
The only thing they understand is strength
Remember that
They don't understand weakness
There's nothing you can do
These really stupid heads of these corporations that give hundreds of millions of dollars
It's like blackmail money, right? But these stupid people that run, they get $40,000,000 a year and they're weak
Okay, they're weak
But these people, they're anarchists and the only thing they understand is strength
So I said, Let me see this document
I said, Wow, this is a very strong document
And Derek is here
One of my attorneys, he did a great job
I don't know where the hell Derek is
He's around here
Actually he's heard this before though
Not quite
You're getting a very unique speech tonight
You know? I mean unlike Joe, I haven't even looked at the teleprompter
This guy will Move it up
Move it up
I can't see
Move it up
I haven't looked at it
The poor teleprompter guy he's sitting there What do we do? We're on line two of the teleprompter
He said, What do we do? No, unlike Joe, I have not looked at the teleprompter
Oh, that poor Joe
You know what's the worst part about him looking at the teleprompter? The worst part is that means that the fake news media is giving him the questions
Right? Like Donna Brazil, who was brilliantly hired by Fox
Fox has changed a little bit
Ladies and gentlemen, Donna Brazil, who was fired by CNN because she cheated and she gave crooked Hillary the questions to the debate
How would you like to be me? They give her questions to the debate
And I still won the debate and she had all the questions
Think of it
How do you do that? Donna Brazil is, ladies and gentlemen, she's going to work for Fox
Oh, that's great
That's big difference
Big difference between four years ago and now
A lot of things have changed
But I'll tell you what's changed is the fact that we have more enthusiasm now than we did four years ago
It's amazing right? But just to get back to the others
So I signed that wonderful executive order instituting this really tough law
And it says 10 years
It doesn't say, you get 10 years, but you can take it down to three weeks
It says 10 years
So these guys had just gotten there
I had a news conference because I had to let them know about it
Right? We've got many people in jail right now from before nobody even talked about taking statues down
No, but I looked at the Andrew Jackson right? With the ropes
And I'll tell you, the police did a great job
And Mark Meadows did a great job
He said, Charge
They charged
And they took these guys out and they were fairly tough
But the police were much tougher
DC police
They did a great job
They were watching and they weren't able to do anything
Mark Meadows said Charge
It was like from 200 years ago it was crazy
They charged and they'd beat the hell out of these guys
Or you wouldn't have that great statue on the horse of a great general
He was a great general
And he was a very good president
At least a good president
But he was a great general
The battle of New Orleans
Right? He went to jail too
We had all the evidence we needed
Thank you for that
I want to thank you fake news
We called the fake news
We said Can we just have that please? When they said, no, we just said, We'll take it off TiVo
That's okay
Don't worry about it
One of the greatest inventions in history
Tivo better than television because television is useless without it
So, we signed it
And all of a sudden these same guys who were watching it, they left
Nobody showed up the next day
They're going to have 25,000 people
They had 24 people, 5 of them were brought to prison
Okay
And the next day they said, Well, we were going to save it for Saturday night
And Saturday night nobody showed up
And nobody has showed up in four months to take down a statue
It's true
Because you know why? They look and they say, I want to take down that statue
I'm going to take down that statue
That statue's coming down
And then somebody says, You know it's 10 years in jail
They go, That's too much
I'm getting out of here
It's true
Ten years is not acceptable, Mike
Right? Ten years is a lot to rip down a statue, have a little fun, especially when they have no idea what they're ripping down
But we have an idea what they're ripping down
They're ripping down in many cases, greatness
They're ripping down our past
They're ripping down our history
And that's where these guys begin
They take away your history
You look at the Middle East, you look all over
Look what ISIS did
Look what all of them do
They go down and they rip
They go into museums and they break everything and they rip everything
They want to take away your past
They're not taking away the past of the United States of America
Not as long as I'm here
What do you want? Do you want me to go back on teleprompter anybody? Okay
Here's the question
My poor guy must be having a fit
He's over there
He's so good at this stuff
He's on line three
 Good at this stuff
He's on line three
He said, Sir, should I use turn the sucker off? Would you rather go teleprompter or freelance? Isn't it nice when you have the option because you have this and you have the option to go either? See, Joe doesn't have the option
He doesn't have the option
But if Biden wins, China wins, and it's very simple
It's very simple
By contrast, I rescued the Minnesota Iron Range, I did that
Just so you know, O-Biden
I call him O-Biden, it's too long to say Obama and Biden, so I just go, O-Biden, because I don't care about Everyone said, Oh no, he's in trouble
Obama's now campaigning
Hey, he campaigned last time harder than Hillary
I said, No, I want him to campaign because he brings out the base
He brings out our base
And I'm only here because of him and Joe
I'm only here because of him
I could right now be having a very beautiful life of luxury, and here I am at the hangar in Minnesota with 15 or 20 or 25,000 people
And thousands of people that couldn't get in, and I'm working my ass off
I could be at home having a good time, wonderful time
But the one thing I said is- We want trump
We want Trump
We want Trump
But I say this
I say this look, I could be home
So home was New York
I had to bail out because it was too crazy, everything has fallen apart
But home, it's so sad what the democrats have done to our great New York
Between a governor and a mayor, the crime is through the roof, the corruption is incredible, it's a sad thing that's happened to New York
Hopefully it'll come back by somebody
Somebody will go in there and do like a Rudy
You know when Rudy took over, it was so bad and they were looking for somebody and they thought he was the guy because he was a tough guy
But somebody has to go in and clean it up
This mayor, he let go of a billion dollars worth of police
He actually believed the nonsense about defunding the police
And they're all going to do it
They're all going to do it
And New York people are going to do it
I'm being totally serious now
You've got to go out and you've got to vote for Trump
You got to break this spell from 1972
You saw Kenosha
What we did for other places, you saw the Kenosha, and that was gone
That was all gone
That place was gone
We sent in the troops, it was incredible what we did, and they did it on day three
Day three is better than two weeks later, like in Minneapolis
But they did it, and we've done a great job and the people of that great state, they understand it, and I just hope the people of your state of Minnesota understand it because we don't have too many more chances with this stuff
We really don't
We don't have the luxury of sitting back and saying, Let's have four years of this maniac, vice president that he picked who treated him worse than any other person
That's why I say the one person that he won't pick My great instincts, right? The one person he won't pick is Kamala because she called him a racist, she tried to me-too him
He was me-too'd
I've just been me-too'd Darling, what does that mean? But they tried to me-too him
And she was the one that brought it up
Remember Tara? She was the one that brought it up, and then he goes, Ladies and gentlemen, I'd like to pick Wait a minute, let me get her name here
How do you pronounce it? It's with a comma, like a comma, right? Like a comma
Remember he couldn't pronounce her name? He was saying her name wrong, and she had to interrupt him
No, my name is Kamala
Like comma
I remember that
Like a comma
H1N1, that's right, Joe
Remember that Joe, H1N1
And how bad did he do in that though? How about that? How bad did he do? So come to think of it, he's out there now today
It was pathetic
By the way, did you see the Anderson Cooper thing last night? You have to watch
I don't want to watch, but I have an obligation
I'm competing against somebody
You don't want to compete and say, I'm not going to watch my competition, who wouldn't? It's boring, but I got to watch
And he got through it
He met a couple of really The chicken thing was bad
He said chicken many, many times, and it was a little strange that I thought it was over and he pulled it back
He was able to pull it back
But Anderson is a And he interviewed me, he's tough
You know, he can be tough, nothing against him
He could be very tough, but last night he was in rare form
He was, Thank you very much for being here, Mr
Vice President, are you enjoying the run? And compare that with my shot, where they asked me about doing ABC with George Stephanopoulos
I think it was great
I think it worked out great
You know what I call it? Debate prep
I call that free debate prep
But you know it's nasty, it's a little nasty that people and I didn't say, No, you got to change the rules
No, give me the questions
I want to use a teleprompter to answer
How about that though? Mr
Vice President, I'd like to know your feeling on nuclear warfare and how does that relate to China and Russia and where are they in the race? Well, you can't have this as your president
I don't care
Forget about me
You can't do this
The importance and the power of this position are too great
You can't do it
I've learned a lot as president
But one thing I learned is that President Xi of China is sharp
You ever see him standing with the two million men walking in front, everybody's the same height, they're wearing hats, everyone's like a pool table, right? And he's standing there by himself, and he's looking like he's not playing games
There's no games, he's sharp as you can be
And I had a great relationship, but now I feel differently
We made a great trade deal, and now I feel differently
But he's a sharp as you can be
Putin as sharp as you can be
Kim Jong Un, we would have been in a war with North Korea 100%
I asked Obama, Did you ever call him? He said that was the toughest problem we had
And we get along
Remember about a month ago, two months ago, they broke into the demilitarized zone and they said, Oh, he's going to attack
I said, No, he's not
Don't worry about it
I got to know him very well
We have a good relationship
People said, He has a good relationship with Kim Jong Un, that's terrible
I said, No, that's good
But you remember it was going to be a nuclear war, and I got along with him
Then they said, Trump made a terrible deal
He's given so much to North Korea
What did I give? I was at like a semi debate with his idiot, a reporter
He's given a lot to North Korea
What did I give? I don't know
Sanctions, sanctions
You took away
No, I didn't
Actually, I increased the sanctions very substantially
What did you give? What did I give? Tell me
So after about four days they couldn't ask because I gave nothing except I gave heart because I don't want to see people killed on their side either
I don't want to see people killed
We'd win that
We'd win them all
We have the greatest weapons right now ever conceived by man
We've rebuilt our military to a level that nobody ever thought possible
And then the fake news
And I said that a couple of weeks ago, remember I said, We have created the most powerful weapons known to man
It's true
We have weapons that are so advanced that President Xi, Putin, everybody, we're the envy of the world
But they don't know quite what we have, but they know we have stuff that they never even heard of before
And some schmuck back there said, I think he's given away classified information
Now, all I'm doing is telling the world, we have the most powerful weapons in the world
I'm not even saying what kind
You don't even want to know about it
And God help us if we ever have to use them
But we have the most powerful weapons ever conceived by man
They have the missile, the super-duper, hydro sonic, I call it the super-duper, it goes five times faster than a normal missile, right? We have one goes much faster than that
But Russia got that information from the Obama administration
Russia stole that information
You knew that
Russia got the information and they built it
But we have now one that's much faster than that
That's like a slow missile
That's like considered a slow missile
But I said it was incredible
Two weeks ago I said, We have the finest, the best, the most incredible, sadly, the most deadly, and we never want to use it, but we have the greatest weapons ever in history by a factor of 10, by a factor of 10
And they went crazy
He's given away classified
These people are sick
All I'm doing is saying that we rebuilt our military $2
5 trillion all built in the USA, every single ounce of it
We have fighter jet, F-35 that are so good, you can't see it
And I went to see the program, and I met some of the pilots and these guys are better looking than Tom Cruise
They're tougher
They're stronger
They're bigger
They're more powerful
They're smarter
And I like Tom cruise by the way, because you can't get much better than Top Gun, right? Great movie
You can't get better
I like Tom cruise
But these guys are better looking than Tom
They got that crew cut, they got the crap under their eyes, they got the whole deal
They're smart as hell
So I said, So captain, let me ask you, how good is the F-35? They're really good Sir, best plane we've ever had all great
I said, How do you compare that with what Russia has? Well, ours is better for a specific reason, Sir
You can't see it
What does that mean? Well, when we fight, they cannot see us, that we are so stealth
Now that doesn't mean in three years that it won't be obsolete because that's what happens
That's the problem with that business
You come up with a new computer and two weeks later it's obsolete
That's why I always like real estate, and grab a piece of real estate
But no, it's true
I wouldn't be good in that business
You get to work, work, work, and then you're starting the next one because the last one is gone
That's why I always talk about walls and wheels
When the Democrats were saying, Walls are old fashioned
Well, they're right about that
But they work
Remember that? All we had to go through in Congress? And that wall is going up, think of that
We're building 10 miles a week, 10 miles a week of the top
And our numbers on the border are the best they've ever been
The best they've ever been
Well, we're building 10 miles of wall a week
We're up to about 330 miles, and we'll have it finished very soon, and it's having a tremendous impact on drugs
It's having a tremendous impact on all of the different things
Human trafficking in women
It's not even children
They're trafficking women, it's because of the internet
You think of that as almost an ancient kind of a crime, right? But it's not
It's a very modern crime and it's an unbelievably profitable crime
They're trafficking women, little bit children, but mostly women
Where they'll put three or four women in the back in the trunk of a car and they'll go through the border
They can't do it anymore
And we're catching them
We have people that do nothing but look for the traffickers
To me, the traffickers are the biggest scum of the world
And thank heavens for ICE, and thank heavens for border patrol because these people do a job that you don't want
I know Mike doesn't want it
You wouldn't even be good at it, Mike, he'll do a commercial about it
That's what he'll do
Does he have the longest commercials in history? I say, Mike Lindell
I say, Mike, the pillow man
I say, Mike is the single greatest purchaser of commercials in history
I want him to buy my commercials
I say, You know, we spent $20 million, I sell like two commercials
He spends $2 and he's got the whole day on Fox
I said, let Mike buy our commercials
Will you? I don't know what the hell you do, but whatever it is, you better tell me the secret
Greatest purchaser of commercials
But we have done some job with that
And the traffickers and drugs are way down
Now we got upset with the pandemic, but I watched Biden today talking about, If only Trump moved one week sooner
One week
So let's go, ready? So, you know he was against the ban, right? Because he didn't think we had a problem
So he was against the ban
He didn't know that China was heavily infected
He doesn't even know where China is, in my opinion
But he was against the ban
These guys write stuff out for him, and he tries to read it
Doesn't do well with it
So he was against it, but now his new thing is, if only I moved one week earlier, but I was earlier than everybody
If you think about it
I had nice guy, Dr
Fauci, I had another nice, got a lot of doctors
They were all telling me, No, no, you don't have to do that
Tom knows that very well
You don't have to do that, Sir
You don't have to do that
You don't have to do that at all
And one of those things, I was very early and I banned and everybody admits that had I not banned highly infected Wuhan province, right? Highly infected, we would have had hundreds of thousands of more deaths
And then you had the chart
I put it up yesterday, I'm doing these news conferences
We're finally getting the word across that we did a great job, but I'm doing news conferences now every day
I call them the highly rated news conferences
And I go before these crazy people, they're screaming like maniacs
It's not the way they treat Sleepy Joe
He'd melt
If they ever did a number on, this guy would be there he'd be laying on the floor crying, Get me out of here, Darling
Where is my wife? Get me out of here, please, Darling
They're so nasty to me today
What happened? We go through it every single day
But you think about it, and he said, If only Trump moved faster, but he's the one that two months later called me xenophobic, and he called me a racist because I was banning China, which was heavily infected
And then he said, Don't ban Europe
Well, I looked at Italy, big problem
I love Italy
I love the people of Italy, but they were heavily infected
France, I looked at France, I looked at Spain, they even had spikes recently
Did you see? And we're doing great
We're rounding it with or without, but we're going to have with, but you know, with his better, but with or without, we're rounding that corner, and we're rounding it fast and they don't want to give us any credit because they want to keep this up 'til November 4th
And on November 4th, the press will probably say, let's say something stupid happened
The press will say, I got to admit he did a damn good job
And the other clown will be in office
We did a thing called price transparency
I signed it
It's effective, also very complicated
It's on your medical
And we did price transparency
It's the biggest thing
It's bigger than healthcare
Where you see your prices
You can go now to hospitals, you can price operations, you can price everything
It's a massive thing
The man who did it And I took a lot of heat, and I'm doing favorite nations drugs, meaning whatever the lowest in the world is, we have to pay the same
That's the good news
The bad news is the drug companies, the doctors everybody's angry at me
Actually under price transparency, the good hospitals and the good doctors benefit tremendously, but the bad ones don't, and you have price transparency
And it goes into effect on January 1st
Could you imagine if this sleepy guy gets in and they say like, February, March, April something
They say unbelievable what happened to prices, it's dropping like crazy
And they'll say, what a job he's doing this president? And I'm the one that signed it
I said, could you put it into effect but statutorily? It has to mature, mature, mature
So the earliest I could get is January 1st
It's like crazy
You know another one? I'll give you another one
I'll give you another one
So Air Force One, so that's the 757, but they have a 747, which is the big Air Force One
I think that just disrespected the people of Minnesota today, they gave us the little one
No, actually it's because of the runway
In fact, when we landed, they said, Sir, we have a very short runway, could you please hold on? I said, I trust these pilots
By the way, these pilots are the best pilots
When you fly the president of the United States
Wait a minute, he's waving from the window
When you fly the president of the United States, you are the best flyer
They take the best air force guys, they take the best Marines in the helicopters, Marine One
But when you're flying these planes, you can land that sucker, you have no problem
There's no, mishits
There's no, Let's go around
I can't quite make it, Sir
These guys are phenomenal
You've got to see what they look like
Everyone's in perfect shape
I look at him, central casting, every one of them they're great
Thank you fellas
Thank you
But I'll tell you a little story
So Air Force One is a very old plane
It's beautiful, but it's an old 747, right? It's 31 years old and other people didn't want to do it, but it was time to get a new one
It was time
You got to get a new plane
And actually Air Force One, I'll give you a little secret, it's actually two planes
They get two
It's a hell of a way to travel
If one's not working perfect, you use the other one
But they get two
So Air Force One, they negotiated a price and they had it down for $5
7 billion, that was not sounds expensive, and it's ridiculous, but that was done by the Obama administration
It was done by the Obama administration
And that's okay
But no administration Obama, Bush, they didn't want to do it because it sounds luxury
But at some point you got to buy a plane for the country
And these Arab countries would have their beautiful 747, 800s, 900s pour in, and they were gorgeous
And believe it or not, the new plane is a much bigger plane
Much bigger wingspan, it's a much more beautiful plane, it's modern
I think of a 31 years old, Air Force One is 31 years old, the main Air Force One, not this
This is a great plane, but the big one 31 years old
So you're representing the country, but they didn't want to do it because it shows luxury for two planes, in all fairness
Now it's very technical, there's a lot of stuff
I won't talk about it because I don't want to give away any classified information
Just trust me, some more sophisticated sucker you've ever seen in your life
I think you're getting into a plane that cost 5
7 billion
Right? But it's the most sophisticated, two planes
So I said, How much is it? A general came, and an air force general, great guy, handsome guy
They're all so good looking these people
I said, So general, what are we paying? What's the price?  Sir, it's $5
7 million and we're ready to go, Sir, could you sign it? It sounds like a lot of money to me, General, 5
7 million for two airplanes
Can we get a better price? No, sir
This was negotiated by the Obama administration
The Obama administration
This was negotiated, Sir, by Barack Hussein Obama
And I said, Oh, that's good
It sounds very high
So here's what I'm going to do
Tell Boeing we're not taking the plane
We have no interest in, it's too much
This is what I did
By the way, this is one of many stories
Isn't this better than going and saying, I saved your Iron Range? And I say, But please remember I did this too
And I can do away with this stuff, but I did this too
Please remember that because I have all this list of incredible things I've done for Minnesota, I won't even touch it because frankly I'm tired of repeating what I've done for all these different states
I mean, I did all this stuff and then I hear I'm nine down
I don't believe it by the way, suppression
So I said to the general, I said, General, 5
7 billion, not million, billion
That sounds very high to me general
I bought a lot of planes in my life and a lot of helicopters
I know a lot about it
How could it be five? Sir, that's the best price they could get
We only have one day to do it
I said, Cancel it General
Cancel the order
It was signed actually
Yes, Sir
I said, Do you have the right to cancel it? Yes, sir
I do
We negotiated a great deal
I said, Oh good
Cancel it
Yes, sir
I'm pleased to tell you something, Sir
We have a breakup fee
We made a great deal, Sir
I said, You did? Oh, you have a breakup fee
You mean you can't just cancel it for nothing? Then cancel it
You don't have to pay a breakup fee
I know about breakup fees
No, Sir, we have a breakup fee
Okay
How much is it? Sir, we can break it up for $250 million
I said, Wait a minute
So you mean to tell me that to cancel the order costs $250 million? In other words, we give them $250 million, we get nothing
I said, General, don't cancel the order
Just tell him I'm very unhappy
This is what these guys
They're good businessmen, by the way
These guys, right here, Mike, they might be better than you
I don't even know
He may be the next governor
Mike Landell, maybe you should run
You should run
He is my complete and total investment
You should run
He'd be a hell of a governor
At least, you know one thing
Minnesota would be well promoted
Mike, run for governor, please
So he says, It's $250 million
It's 250, Sir, I'm so proud of that
I said, You may be proud, but I'm not
So I said, General, don't give them notice because I don't want to write a check for 250 and getting nothing
I don't think I could explain that to the American public
So tell them you're really unhappy, we're not going to make the deal, but just do it verbally
And, Yes, sir
And then I spoke to the head of Boeing, a very nice guy
They had some rough times since then
They had a couple of really bad things happen
Terrible, really terrible
This was early on before the problems that they had
But he is, he's a high quality guy
And I said to him, Dennis, we have to start it with a It's got to have a three on the front of it
What do I know? I just know that if they're 5
7, and if I do something with a three
He said, No, I can bring it down to 5
5 billion
So I say, Well, that's not bad
I save $200 million in about a minute and a half phone call
So so far I'm not good, but it's not good enough
I'm not happy
I said, No, we got to really think about canceling it
And I can't go to Airbus, which is made in Europe
It's a little hard, I got to go to their competitor
I can't say I'm going to buy the Air Force One from a European company that doesn't work too well
My only option was to say, Look, I just don't want to just put it aside
He calls me up a few days later
Well, we can do a little bit better than that
I said, Dennis, has to have a three in front of it, Dennis
Got to have a three
Like a three, three anything, but got to have a three in front of it
So he said, No, no, no
After one month, we signed a contract for $3
9 billion
Same exact one
Actually slightly better, we got an extra generator
And then Boeing came to me, and I love to negotiate
I do
Got that from my father
My father was a good negotiator and I love to negotiate
So they came to me, Sir, we can put an extra stairway
This is the big 747
And remember this is a big, much bigger than the old 747
Sir, it gets very windy up there
I noticed that your hair's blown all over the place
But we can buy a stairwell for the plane
And it comes under, it's like a corkscrew right at the bottom of the plane
You're very high off the ground, big, big thing
And it opens up, and if it's raining or windy, you're covered, Sir, because it's under the plane
You're totally sheltered
I said, That sounds great
So it's a corkscrew stairwell
I said, How much is that general? 50
I said, 50, what a deal, So for $50,000 I can get a stairway? No, sir
$50 million
I said, Forget about the stairwell
Forget it
He said 50
I really thought he meant $50,000
So these are just some little stories
I guess I must like Minnesota to go on one of these deals
But boy, did you get your money's worth tonight? Is anybody having a bad time? Did you get your money's worth? Because you've heard the other one
We've done this, and we've cut your taxes, and we built up the military bigger and better
And we're the number one in history in regulation cuts, which is the biggest thing
And the judges, which we've done at a level like nobody's ever done, everything we've done
Nobody has done more in three and a half years, no administration three and a half
Those first three and a half years, nobody even comes close
And you know, it's a funny thing
I say it all the time
I've been saying it for a long time and the fake news, nobody even questions me about it
And you know if I was wrong, they would, but they can't question me because when you see right to try, we took care of our vets
We just got a 91% approval rating from the vets 91
It's never happened before
We got choice approved, we got accountability approved, drugs are way down
We've got a little setback with this whole situation where these shutdowns cause a lot of problems with drugs, a lot of everything, but drugs were way down
We had our best year in the history of our country last year
And we're going to have a better year coming up
That's why you have an obligation to vote for the guy that got you there
And remember this, and I really appreciate this, thank you
But I appreciate this because nine democrat mayors of cities in the Iron Range have endorsed me over Sleepy Joe
What do you like better? Sleepy Joe or Slow Joe? What's better? Let's do a poll
We do a poll
We do a poll
I do free falls
You know, these polls, they charge you a fortune for this stuff
They interviewed three people and then they charge you a million dollars
We interviewed 233 people, I got thousands of people at least for free
What do you like better as nickname? Slow Joe or Sleepy Joe? So let's go
Wait, Slow Joe first
Okay? So just scream if you like it
So you have a choice, Slow Joe, they're both very appropriate
Slow Joe or Sleepy Joe, ready? Slow Joe
I think we're going to have a winner here
Sleepy Joe based steel, real crap
It wasn't that, but when you think of it, they wrote it out
You didn't have environmentally the right
Somebody said, Oh, well he got a bit because he was good with negotiating with these other countries
It wasn't that
I opened it up
I signed an order
I signed an executive order because Obama took your Iron Range and Biden took your Iron Range away
And I'll never forget
The day I did it, and Tom was there, a man, I don't know who he is, he's probably in this massive audience, but he came up to me and he was a rough guy and he never cried in his life, including at childbirth
He didn't cry at childbirth, but he was crying
And he said, Sir, you gave our life back to us because Obama took our heart out when he closed up the Iron Range
He said you gave our heart back
It's true
So I just want to thank those cities
When a democrat mayor, and we have now a lot of Now we have additional
So these are democrat politicians and two weeks ago they endorsed us, and it's a great thing
We're finding that all over the country
Democrats for Trump
Politicians that got elected as democrats, I don't think they changed their party affiliation, but they endorsed Trump
They're all in the Iron Range area
And Larry Cuffe is here
Larry Cuffe
Where's Larry? Where is he? Larry, how are you? Why did you do that, Larry? That's so nice
I appreciate it
Boy, are you good
I wish you had a mic
He said, Because you're the best candidate we could ever I love this guy
Said you're the best candidate we could ever hope for
Thank you Larry, that's beautiful
I appreciate it
We'll do a good job
We're not going to let you down
And they're doing a good job over there
So dig in, dig in, dig we must, right? It's all going because of me
That's cool, man
Thank you
No, he signed an executive order shutting it down
Just shutting it down
And I hear it's got the best iron ore anywhere in the world
That's what I hear
The quality is the best
 or anywhere in the world
That's what I hear
The quality is the best
And it's like an unlimited amount
I'm talking about a little, this is a massive operation with thousands of people and everything else
And for me, it was very easy
Andrea Zupancich, where is she? Where's Andrea? Thank you very much
That's really nice
I'm glad that at least you got a good location, right? That's great
I appreciate it very much
You're all friends I guess
Chris Vreeland, where's Chris? Chris Vreeland
Chris? Where's Chris? The mayor? Thank you, Chris
Thank you, Chris
Thank you very much
Kathy Brandau
Kathy Brandau
Thank you, Kathy
I hope you're having a good time tonight
We're not going to let you down
You know that
We're open
That sucker is open
We're not closing it
Well, think of this though
If Biden gets in, it's closed
He said he's going to close it
How about this guy? No fracking
You're not going to frack
Onstage with all these crazy people and they don't want any energy
They think everything's going to run by wind, which costs you a fortune, about 20 times more than what we have and doesn't work
But think of it, all of these people And they say, What about fracking? Fracking is the modern technology
And so they all said, No, no, we're all against everyone's against fracking
What about you? Yes, I'm against it too
Now he's against it for months
He gets it, now he's in favor of it
But he's sort of grandfathering it
You know, it's a very weak Well, I like to grandfather fracking
If I'm a fracker, I don't want to be grandfather
I want to have it or not have it, right? He wants to grandfather fracking
Always go with their first statement, okay? So I was in Texas two weeks ago, we had crowds
Mike, we had crowds that went from the airplane to the well, to the drilling well, where we went to see a well
And we saved the industry because I got Russia and Saudi Arabia to cut back 10 million barrels
It actually was probably 18
Ended up being, I think, 18
5 million barrels
And it saved the industry
And yet you're still paying very low gasoline prices at the pump, but we saved 10 million jobs
But I'm in Texas, and let me tell you, Texas appreciated it because that industry was in deep trouble because all of a sudden with the pandemic, there was no demand
There was nobody driving, there was no demand
Nobody ever saw anything like it
So I'm in Texas and I said to the crowd, it was a great crowd, and we must have had a hundred thousand people on the road, on the highways and roadways waving
And they had the most beautiful Trump flags
I wanted to stop, Where did you buy that flag? The most beautiful flags of me and our great vice president
Is Mike Pence doing a good job by the way? He did such a great he worked 29 hours a day
I mean, this guy works day and night
He worked not the 24
He worked 24 plus least five, okay
This man is a worker and he's a wonderful human being
And when they try it, a guy like Biden that can't carry his jockstrap
When Biden goes, Oh, they should have closed one week earlier, and here's the guy that said I made a mistake when I banned China that nothing's going to happen
It's so phony
This politics is a very phony business
I haven't been doing it long
I told one of the senators that came in, he came into my office there,  I've been doing this for 30 years
I've won many elections, I've only lost twice in my life
I've been a Senator for a long time
I know what I'm doing, sir
I said, Yeah, and I've done it for four years
And I've only won one election, but it's for the president of the United States
I remember a certain man on television that didn't like me too much
He said, They put together the greatest field ever assembled, the Republicans, remember? 17 plus me
They put together the greatest field of talent ever assembled
I hear Trump wants to come in
He's not going to do it number one
Number two, if he does, he's just doing it for fun and he'll be out by September and then he'll go about leading his life, but he's not going to do it
But we don't really need him because this is the greatest single assemblage of talent ever assembled for one party
The greatest talent he's ever seen
And then I did it and just week after week, one out, two out, three out, four out
And then we've done changes
Oh, he said, He can't do it because he doesn't have any experience
But I actually do on the other side
I contributed to politics
I always found it very interesting
So in a certain way, I had a lot of experience probably
Maybe I had too much experience
That's why I can tell you about AOC
Check out the $2 million please, check it out, check it out
Check out Omar, check out Omar, get to that great writer, he should get Oh, so the New York Times won all these Pulitzer prizes, right? I was going to tell you before
All these Pulitzer prizes, these people, and they all got it wrong, right? They got for Russia, Russia, Russia
We give the Pulitzer prize
I won't use names
I won't use names, but we give the Pulitzer prize to the New York Times
They got it wrong
We give the Pulitzer prize to the Washington Post and all of these real sleazebags
I have to be honest with you
Very dishonest people, very dishonest
I call it the Amazon Washington Post
He uses that as his lobbyist because he owns the Washington Post
He gets crap that other people wouldn't get, okay
That means it's a lobby
It's a lobbyist deal
But they got the prize, right? They got the Pulitzer prize
All the guys that got it right, that really got it right, they all got it wrong, totally wrong
And they should return the Pulitzer prize
And Pulitzer association, the committee should ask for those prizes back
They got it all wrong
They were a hundred percent wrong
There was no collusion
They couldn't believe
Remember the day when it was announced after three years, there is no collusion
I could have told them that a day one, they could have saved 48 million dollars
They got the Pulitzer
And then you take guys so many, so many
Solomon, Sara Carter, Bongino
How about Dan Bongino? So many, so talented guys
How about that great gentlemen who wrote The Witch Hunt? Remember that? That was the first, right? You know what I'm talking about
He's fantastic
All great
These people should have won the Pulitzer prize
Now I would say Sean Hannity and Lou Dobbs and Laura and Tucker
In all fairness, Tucker was very good
Tucker was great, but these are all people that got it right
Now they don't do I guess the Pulitzer prize for that stuff, but they probably should
But these guys all got it right
And all they did was get a lot of money because they're very successful, and that's okay I guess
But they should give the Pulitzer prize to the people that got it right and they should withdraw from all of those writers, many of whom are back there right now, all of those writers, they should do that
And a candidate for Congress, Michelle Fischbach, who's supposed to be fantastic
And Michelle has my complete and total endorsement
But Jason, you're in good shape, wow
You're in better shape than these Congressman Jase
By the way, Jason is fantastic and he's doing a fantastic Where's Michelle? Is she there? Be careful
It's not worth the broken legs
Look at her
Oh, she's a warrior, I can tell
Come on up
But thanks, Michelle
And they have my complete endorsement
They're great people
They love your state
They love our country
So just in conclusion, I want to say that over the next four years, we will make America into the manufacturing superpower of the world
And we will end our reliance on China once and for all
We will make our medical supplies right here in the United States
And you probably heard me today
It used to be Puerto Rico did tremendous dollars in medical supplies
And then what happened? They made a lot, they did a good job, and Obama Biden destroyed it
They took away the incentive, all of the taxes
And they took away the incentive and Puerto Rico went down a long way
We'll get some of that back to Puerto Rico and we'll get it back for us
Take it away from China
You heard that, yes? They took it away
And then people automatically vote
It's like a habit
Will I vote for the Democrat? The Democrat was so bad to you
And how bad were the Democrats to Israel? We did Jerusalem, right? We broke up the Iran deal, right? And then they vote for a Democrat
It's out of habit, but I think the habits, we're breaking those habits very quickly
But we've helped Puerto Rico and we've really helped If you look at what we've done for Israel, it's been incredible
They say nobody's done more
And it's my honor
But we'll hire more police, increase penalties for assaults on law enforcement, and we will ban deadly sanctuary cities, which are a disaster
We'll appoint tough on crime prosecutors
We will nominate judges and justices who interpret the constitution as written
We will ensure equal justice for citizens of every race, color, religion, and creed
We will defend the dignity of work and the sanctity of life
And that's why the Supreme court is so important
The next president will get one, two, three, or four Supreme court justices
I had two
Many presidents have had none
They've had none because they're there for a long time
They tend to be appointed young
They're there for a long time
But the next one we'll have anywhere from one to four
Think of that
That will totally change when you talk about life, when you talk about second amendment, when you talk about things that are so important to you
You're going to be stuck for 40 years, 35 years, a long time
So this is going to be the most important election, in my opinion, in the history of our country
You got to get it right
Because if you don't get it right, we will not have a country anymore
You're not going to have a country
Not as we know it
You won't have a country anymore
We will uphold religious liberty, free speech, and the right to keep and bear arms
We will strike down terrorists who threaten our citizens and we will keep America out of these ridiculous, horrible, endless foreign wars
Countries you've never heard of
Coming home
We will maintain America's unrivaled military mind, and we will ensure peace through strength
This is what we have now
Peace through strength
Remember what I told you about those weapons, we don't want to use ever, we don't want to use those weapons
We will end surprise medical billing, require price transparency, January 1st
He doesn't even have to do anything now
I'll be so angry if he They'll say, What a job he's done on transparency, can you believe it? And he won't even know what transparency is
And it's complex
And further reduce health insurance premiums and the cost of prescription drugs
We've done that already
We will strongly protect Medicare and social security, and we will always protect patients with preexisting conditions
America will land the first woman on the moon and the United States will be the first nation to land an astronaut on Mars
And we brought NASA back
NASA, when I got in three and a half years ago, grass was growing through the cracks of the runway
It was over, it was closed
It was nothing
Now it's the number one space center in the entire world by a factor of five
We will stop the radical indoctrination of our students and restore patriotic education to our schools
We will
We will teach our children to love our country, honor our history, and always respect our great American flag
And we will live by the timeless words of our national motto, in God we trust
You know that the Democrat national convention and the pledge of allegiance at a caucus, two of them, not one
I heard the first one, I said, Oh, they must've made a mistake
They left under God out of the pledge of allegiance
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Now they then said, Oh, well we didn't mean that
They meant it
That's what they're going to do
They're going to take God out of it
Just like I was saying before, Texas, they don't want God, they don't want oil, they don't want guns
I don't think they're going to do too well in Texas
Do you agree with that? I don't think they're going to do too well in Minnesota either
No, but could you imagine you're campaigning, and it doesn't play too well here, but could you imagine you're in Texas and you have a guy say, No oil, no God, no guns
Oh, I think I'm going to vote for Joe Biden, everybody
And then they say, Texas is in play, it's a very close I have a friend in Texas
He said, I think you're winning by 15 points
These people are crazy
Texas is in play
They don't want to let you have oil
Think of it
It's unbelievable
Texas is in play
That's the fake news back there
They said it last time too
Remember? Texas, when they say in play, that means it's too close to call
It's in play
Too close
We've heard that for a long time, in play, right? Too close to call
And they said it four years ago, Texas is in play
This could be a terrible defeat, losing Texas
Big state, great state
This would be a tremendous defeat
And they said it about Ohio too
I think we won by like nine points
Right? They said Ohio is in play
Utah's in play
We won by a lot
Remember we beat a guy named McMuffin
Remember the guy? He was going to take the state of Utah
And then he was going to be able to negotiate
But that didn't work out
He came in third
Even Hillary beat him
But they said Texas is in play
And I'd go around telling my people, Damn it, Texas is in play, how the hell? Every time I go there, I have 35,000 people at the stadium, how could it possibly be in play? They said it's in play
My people would say, I don't think so
And we had a big Texas rancher
He was on one of the shows
He was wearing a big, beautiful hat
I wish I could wear those hots
It wouldn't work for me too well
I don't think it works for me, right? But it worked for him
And he said, I don't know too much about a lot, but I know one thing
Texas is not in play
And this guy is going to win Texas by a hell of a lot of votes
And that's what happened that night, the night of the election
The night of the election, they called the results
I've been listening for six months, Texas is so close, we can't even imagine it it's so close
This is big
And they only call the election immediately if you win in a landslide, it's got to be tremendous
And they said, Texas has closed its doors
Ladies and gentlemen, Donald Trump has won the state of Texas
They didn't even say the polls were closed
They forgot to say the polls were closed
I wanted to say
I said, How come I won? I called my people, How could I have won? It was so close they called it before they even said the doors closed
And I heard from the governor of Texas, great guy, Greg Abbott
I said, How are we doing compared to four years ago? We did great four years ago, big, big win
He said, Sir, you're doing much better
But these guys keep saying it's in play
It's the same way that I'm down nine points in Minnesota
If I lose Minnesota, if I lose Minnesota, Jason, I'm going to blame Jason if I lose
Boy, we almost had it last time
But we did the right thing
We went to Michigan, we won Michigan, first time in many, many years, that Michigan was won
It's a great state
For years you had a president who apologized for America
And now you have a president who is standing up for America and standing up for Minnesota
So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors, get your coworkers, and get out and vote
And you know it's starting today in Minnesota
That's why I'm here
It started today
Go out of here
You know what? If they're closed, what the hell time is it now? If they're closed, just stand in line like you do
People were here two days ago trying to get in here
It's crazy
So do the same thing at the voting booth, please
From St
Paul to St
Cloud, from Rochester to Duluth, and from Minneapolis, thank God we still have Minneapolis, to right here, right here with all of you great people, this state was pioneered by men and women who braved the wilderness and the winters to build a better life for themselves and for their families
They were tough and they were strong
You have good genes
You know that, right? You have good genes
A lot of it's about the genes, isn't it? Don't you believe? The resource theory you think was so different? You have good genes in Minnesota
They didn't have a lot of money
They didn't have a lot of luxury, but they had grit, they had faith, and they had each other
That's what you have now
You have each other
They were miners and lumberjacks, fishermen and farmers, shipbuilders and shopkeepers
But they all had one thing in common
They loved their families, they loved their countries, and they loved their God
Proud citizens like you helped build this country
And together we are taking back our country
We are returning power to you, the American people
With your help, your devotion and your drive, we are going to keep on working, we're going to keep on fighting, and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning
And don't forget, you went through years where you weren't winning, right? Years and years, they closed down
Even with Obama, he closed that iron
I think he just wanted to get even with you, I don't know
He wasn't good
Not a good We've knocked out about 84% of the things he did
Then you say, I wonder if he likes me? But you're getting used to winning and you're going to see winning like you've never seen before
You had your best year and you're going to win so much
You've heard this, right? I haven't said it in a long time because we've been doing a lot of winning, but you're going to win so much
And you're going to send Jason to the US Senate
And you're going to keep winning and winning and winning
You're going to win on trade, you're going to win on the military
You're going to win on everything you touch
Minnesota is going to keep on winning and you're going to get tired of winning because Minnesota doesn't want to win all the time
Your football team is going to win in the big 10 they say, right? No, we are going to keep on winning in Minnesota
And you're going to get so tired you're going to say, Jason, Jason, please, please Jason, go to the president
See him in the oval office
Stop him from winning
We're winning too much in Minnesota
We can't stand it
Jason, please, please Jason
Stop him from winning so much for Minnesota
We can't take it
We're not used to it because we went through years and years and years where it was tough, right? The mayors know that
That's why they all endorsed the president
And I'm going to look at Jason, I'm going to say, No, Jason, I'm sorry
The people of Minnesota want to win, you're wrong, Jason
They want to win
We're going to keep on going, Jason, we're going to keep on winning
And they're going to be happy as hell, Jason
Get Jason in, he's a great guy
By the way, you have a Senator that he's running against
I won't even mention names
She does nothing, nothing
Nobody even knows who the hell she is
She goes to a meeting the other day, everyone's trying to figure out who is she? This guy he even looks the role
Central casting, right? If you can get the look for free, that's good too
Right? But he's going to be fantastic
Tremendous guy, really successful
And he loves your state and he loves our country
So Jason, please knock them out
Knock them out
But you're going to win
We're one movement
We're one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God
And together with the incredible people of Minnesota, and you know what's going to be operating at strength? Because I owe it to these incredible mayors that were so nice to me
That was such a nice thing
And I didn't politick you at all
I never politicked you
I said how nice
And it's happening with so many other things
We have other endorsements from police forces that I never asked and all of a sudden they're coming from very hostile territory
So I just appreciate your being here
And I'm saying this for you and I'm saying it for all of you
Okay
Thank you
We will make America wealthy again
We will make America strong again
We will make America proud again
We will make America safe again
And we will make America great again
Thank you Minnesota, thank you

Thank you
Thank you
Thank you
All I can say is that the fake news just doesn't get it, do they? They don't get it
They just don't get it
Hello Charleston, and I'm thrilled to be back in the great state of South Carolina with thousands of hardworking American Patriots who believe in faith, family, God, and country
Thank you
It's a phenomenal crowd, only topped by the number of people outside that didn't get in
If anybody would like to give up where you're standing or your seat, please raise your hand
All right
Then let's begin, right? Thank you all very much though
This is great
No, they don't get it
Down the road, they have a rally for one of the people that are going to be running tomorrow
They're trying to get to a hundred, but they're not going to make it
So I think they're going to set up a round table
Well, that's what they do
So people want to go to a rally, they end up sitting at a round table talking about their definition of impeachment
Crazy
No, it's crazy
Crazy! It's a crazy deal
No, the fake news media, they've been trying to figure this out for years
They still don't get it though
They don't get it
Look at all of those cameras
Look at all of those cameras
That's a lot of cameras
That's a lot of cameras, Lindsey and Tim, that's a lot of They heard you guys were here
They heard Tim was here and that Lindsey was here and that And they said, We're not going to attend that rally, but when we heard those two guys plus our great congressmen, they're here, great congressmen
But this is an incredible time for our nation
We're thrilled to be in the midst of what we call the Great American Comeback and that's what it is
Jobs are booming, incomes are soaring, factories are returning, poverty is plummeting, confidence is surging, and we have completely rebuilt the awesome power of the United States military
Our country is stronger than ever before
We are stronger, we are better, but while we are building a great future, the radical left Democrats in Washington are trying to burn it all down
They have spent the last three years, and I can even go further than that, three years since the election, but we go before the election, working to erase your ballots and overthrow our democracy
But with your help, we have exposed the far left's corruption and defeated their sinister schemes and let's see what happens in the coming months
Let's watch
Let's just watch
Very dishonest people
Now the Democrats are politicizing the coronavirus, you know that right? Coronavirus, they're politicizing it
We did one of the great jobs
You say, How's President Trump doing? They go, Oh, not good, not good
They have no clue
They don't have any clue
They can't even count their votes in Iowa
They can't even count
No, they can't
They can't count their votes
One of my people came up to me and said, Mr
President, they tried to beat you on Russia, Russia, Russia
That didn't work out too well
They couldn't do it
They tried the impeachment hoax
That was on a perfect conversation
They tried anything
They tried it over and over
They'd been doing it since you got in
It's all turning
They lost
It's all turning
Think of it
Think of it
And this is their new hoax
But we did something that's been pretty amazing
We have 15 people in this massive country and because of the fact that we went early
We went early, we could have had a lot more than that
We're doing great
Our country is doing so great
We are so unified
We are so unified
The Republican party has never ever been unified like it is now
There has never been a movement in the history of our country like we have now
Never been a movement
So a statistic that we want to talk about, go ahead
Say USA
It's okay
USA
So a number that nobody heard of, that I heard of recently and I was shocked to hear it, 35,000 people on average die each year from the flu
Did anyone know that? 35,000, that's a lot of people
It could go to 100,000, it could be 27,000
They say usually a minimum of 27, goes up to 100,000 people a year die
And so far we have lost nobody to coronavirus in the United States
Nobody
And it doesn't mean we won't and we are totally prepared
It doesn't mean we won't, but think of it
You hear 35 and 40,000 people and we've lost nobody and you wonder the press is in hysteria mode
CNN fake news and the camera just went off, the camera
The camera just went off
Turn it back on
Hey, by the way, hold it
Look at this, and honestly, all events are like this
It's about us
It's all about us
I wish they'd take the camera, show the arena please
They never do
They never do
They never do it
They never show the arena
You can hear it because when you hear it, that's not 200 people
That's not a hundred people
That's thousands and thousands of people including people outside
You can hear it
They always show my face
See that face? They show my face
I want them to show the arena, not my face, right? How many have you been to? How many rallies have you gone? Practically every one
Can you believe it? I'm sure your husbands are thrilled, right? They're thrilled
Where are you going tonight? I'm going to another Trump rally
Cool
Number 114
What do your husbands say about that? This group up here
She said, We don't care
Thank you
Thank you
Democrats will only say horrible things even though they know we're doing a great job
We're doing a great job with what we have to work with
It's incredible
The Democrats want us to fail so badly
Even if their actions, and you take a look, hurt the people of this country, they'll hurt the people themselves, their wealth, their everything
They're willing to hurt our country in order to say bad, even if they know it's not so
We made an unbelievable deal with Mexico, with Canada, with China, with South Korea, with Japan
And if you put a microphone with these people back there like the Academy Awards used to be, not anymore
Best movie of the year
It's made in South Korea
What's that all about? I'm waiting to see the best movie of the year- And it's made He said, It's garbage
Only in South Carolina can you say that
Only in South Carolina
You're going to get us in trouble
No, I'm just repeating what he said for the fake news
No, but seriously the Academy Awards has gone way, way down in ratings
Do you know why? Because they started attacking us and we don't believe in it anymore
That's why
No, but they had the best movie of the year made in South Korea
They make enough stuff for us, right? And they're good
They're our friends
Take advantage of us, that's okay
Not so much anymore
We are really, you take a look, magnificently organized with the best professionals in the world
We're prepared for the absolute worst
You have to be prepared for the worst, but hopefully it will all amount to very little
That's why I tell you when we have the flu with 35,000 people and this one we have to take it very, very seriously
That's what we're doing
We are preparing for the worst
My administration has taken the most aggressive action in modern history to prevent the spread of this illness in the United States
We are ready
We are ready
Totally ready
On January 31st, I ordered the suspension of foreign nationals who have recently been in China from entering the United States
An action which the Democrats loudly criticized and protested and now everybody's complimenting me saying, Thank you very much
You were 100% correct
Could've been a whole different story
But I say, so let's get this right
A virus starts in China, bleeds its way into various countries all around the world, doesn't spread widely at all in the United States because of the early actions that myself and my administration took against a lot of other wishes, and the Democrats' single talking point, and you see it, is that it's Donald Trump's fault, right? It's Donald Trump's fault
No, just things that happened
But you know what this does show you? Things happen
Whoever thought of this two weeks ago? Who would've thought this could be going on four weeks ago? You wouldn't
But things happen in life and you have to be prepared and you have to be flexible and you have to be able to go out and get it
And my guys that we have the best professionals in the world, the best in the world and we are so ready
At the same time that I initiated the first federally mandated quarantine in over 50 years
We had a quarantine some people
They weren't happy, they weren't happy about it
I want to tell you there are a lot of people that not so happy, but after two weeks they got happy
You know who got happy? The people around them got happy
That's who got happy
I also created a White House virus task force
It's a big thing, a virus task force
I requested 2
5 billion dollars to ensure we have the resources we need
The Democrats said, That's terrible
He's doing the wrong thing
He needs eight and a half billion, not two and a half
I've never had that before
I ask for two and a half, they want to give me eight and a half, so I said, I'll take it
Does that make me a bad I'll take it
I'll take it
I never had that before
I never had it
We want two and a half million
That's plenty
We demand you take eight and a half
He doesn't know what he's doing
We want eight and a half
These people are crazy
We must understand that border security is also health security
And you've all seen the wall has gone up like magic
It's gone up like magic
You think that was an easy one? That was not an easy one
It's going up great and we're up now 132 miles and this is the exact wall that border security, water, everything
This is everything they wanted, 132 miles already
We'll have 500 miles built by very early next year sometime
One of the reasons the numbers are so good
We will do everything in our power to keep the infection and those carrying the infection from entering our country
We have no choice
Whether it's the virus that we're talking about or many other public health threats, the Democrat policy of open borders is a direct threat to the health and wellbeing of all Americans
Now you see it with the coronavirus, you see it
You see it with the coronavirus
You see that
When you have this virus or any other virus or any other problem coming in, it's not the only thing that comes in through the border
And we're setting records now at the border
We're setting records
And now just using this, so important, right? So important
I'm doing well in the polls despite the worst fake news and worst presidential harassment in the history of the United States
We've got phenomenal numbers
No, it's true
The worst presidential harassment in history
We had a great event yesterday, an event that was so beautiful, young African American leaders
One of the things I asked them, and I've been thinking about this for a long time And great people, great people
Some of them are here tonight
Do you like the name African American or Black? And they said, Black! all at the same time
No, true
I tell you
Because you say, African American or Black? And they said almost immediately, Black
But we had an incredible group of people and what happened is NBC It was such a love fest
It was so incredible
It went on for 45 minutes
It was a love fest
It was incredible
NBC turned down There they are right there
They turned down Comcast, which owns NBC Actually NBC, I think, we call it MSDNC, right? MSDNC
But NBC I think is worse than CNN
I actually do
And Comcast, a company that spends millions and millions of dollars on their image I'll do everything possible to destroy their image because they are terrible
They are terrible
They're a terrible group of people
And they paid me a fortune for years for the Apprentice
They paid me a fortune
And when I left the show, it was doing great
When I left the show, 14 seasons, think of that, they got a big movie star
I won't tell you his name
Nobody would know
Actually nobody will know his name because he was on for such a short period of time
But the show went down the tubes very quickly after they had Trump
But the country in five years from now, of course you want to upset them, five years or nine years or 13 years
Or 18 years! 10 more years
Nah
Oh, they go crazy when you say it
When you say to them five more years, so it's five, but you then say maybe nine, maybe 13, maybe 17, maybe 21, or not, maybe 21
Let's do this
Let's term limit ourselves at 25 years
No more than 25 years
No more
Okay
They'll pass something in the Senate
Tim, pass it in the Senate with Lindsey, a 25 year term limit please
07
While the extreme left has been wasting America's time with these vile hoaxes, we've been killing terrorists, creating jobs, raising wages, enacting fair trade deals, securing our border, and lifting up citizens of every race, religion, color, and creed
We added another 225,000 jobs last month alone
And that makes seven million jobs since our election, seven million
The unemployment rate in the great state of South Carolina
You ever hear of that place? Now Sleepy Joe would say, The unemployment rate in the great state of Ohio No, no
You're in South Carolina
Joe! Joe, you're in South Carolina
Come up
You ever see the guy with the note, No, no, it's South Carolina! It's not Ohio
Okay
Then he goes, All right, Iowa
Did you say Iowa? No
No
They did that seven times
If I did that once, it would be the end of the road, right? Be the end of the road
They'd say Trump has lost it
They like to say that anyway, I guess though
These people are bad people
Now, Sleepy Joe
Well, he's running tomorrow
No, but could you imagine if I said just a small fraction of the mistakes he makes, which are unbelievable? Every speech
I actually said the other night, I was watching him when he said about half the population wiped out with guns
I said, That's a horrible thing
That's the end of his evening
That's the end of his political career
And then after the debate, they're revealing him and they said, Joe Biden had a great night last night
I don't get it, Tim
The unemployment rate here in South Carolina has fallen to 2
3%, the lowest rate in your state's history
The lowest rate in all of America
It's the lowest rate in all of America
I said to a friend of mine, a Democrat, How's the race going tomorrow? Who's going to win? And he says, Mr
President No, it's very interesting
He said something
This guy's a real political pro too, in all fairness, even though he's a Democrat
But I said, Who's going to win? He said, Honestly, sir, it doesn't matter
You are so far ahead in South Carolina that it's meaningless
Meaningless
That's what they say
And in North Carolina too
In North Carolina, bunch of losers
The good citizens of South Carolina have had a front row seat to the extremism of the Democrat candidates
Whether it's this character that nobody ever heard of him
I'd never heard it
I thought I knew all the wealthy people
This guy Tom, Mr
Impeachment, how did that work out, Tom Hey, he spent millions and millions of dollars in Iowa, right? Millions
He got less than 1%
He got one third of 1%
I wrote a little note
Did you see it? It said, Tom, it's not so easy doing what I did
Is it? Not so easy
Not so easy
All you have to do is ask Mini Mike
He's in there for a fortune
He wished he never started
Mini Mike, he wished he never started
He said, Well, Trump can do it
I'm going to do it too
Unfortunately it's not working out too well
Was that the worst debate performance in history? They had a big audience
Everybody wanted to see whether or not he was good at what we're supposed to be doing up here
He turned out to be a total catastrophe
35 million people, can you believe that? That's a big audience
Very big
And what a killer
But this guy Steyer, he spends all this money
He's not that wealthy
He spends all of this money and you shouldn't waste your vote on him tomorrow
I have to be honest
By the way, are the Republicans allowed to vote anyway even though Are you ready? You ready? Let's do it together
I assume this is okay from a campaign finance standpoint, I assume
Lindsey, Tim, our great congressmen, are we allowed to do this? So am I allowed to request First we- Congressman, are we allowed to do this? Am I allowed to request  First, we have to figure out who would be the weakest candidate against President Trump
And then if it's legal, I always say if it's permissible by law, because they have so many little booby traps, but they only like getting the Republicans
Democrats skirt, right? But we'll see what happens about that
The Democrats
But let me ask you this
Lindsey, Tim, you're pros
These are two of the greatest guys I know
So let me ask you this
So I don't know what the record attendance is in this arena, but I was told that we broke it by a lot
And you got the people outside
Are we allowed to tell them who we would like them to vote for? Because you're allowed to skip
All right, so wait a minute, let's do a poll
We do this for the fake news back there
Ready? Who would be the best candidate for us? Not for them
We're ready
Ready? So let's go through them just quickly
We won't include Steyer because he's a loser
He's out, okay? We won't include him
Who would be the best? This is a real poll
This isn't one of those fake polls taken by  In all fairness, I love you, Fox, taken by Fox, the worst pollster
This guy  this pollster hates Trump's guts
I was losing the last election by a fortune
They said, He did great with women
Everything was wrong
And they never replaced this guy
But watch this
You ready? So first we'll go  let's say sleepy Joe, right? Right? Then we'll go crazy Bernie
Then we'll go mini Mike
I think he's out of it
Should we include mini Mike or not? Mini Mike is gone
Mini Mike is gone
I think he's gone
He doesn't have a chance
So let's not talk  and he's not in your election anyways, so let's forget
So mini Mike, I hear mini Mike, by the way, has left
He's basically given up
That's what I hear
He gave up
He gave up
Now, I hope what I just said keeps him in
You know, he's the kind of a guy, he'll stay in because, I don't want to be wrong
Mike, it's time to go home
Go home, Mike, and enjoy your life
Go home and spend some money on something horrible to people
They said, She's not dumb, but she's just damn mean
We can't vote for her
She's a mean one
She is mean
So Pocahontas, should we leave her in or out? How about Klobuchar? Not going to happen
So really we're down to two candidates, right? Sleepy Joe Biden and crazy Bernie
So this is a poll
I guarantee you this
As much as they hate me, they hate me
They're going to put this all over the place
We have a poll of like 30,000 people inside and out
They're doing it outside, too
We have a poll
Are you ready? Who do I  So in other words, who's the weaker of the two? I'm not interested in who does better
No, no
I'm not interested  wait
Ready? In other words, who do I want to run against? Meaning  very simple
We put it into nice, simple language
Who the hell is easier to beat? So who is easier for us? Not me
For us to beat
Ready? Crazy Bernie? Or sleepy Joe? I don't know
I think maybe a crazy Bernie has it a little bit
Once more just quick
Ready? He said, It doesn't matter, you'll beat them all
I hope so
I hope so
So who is easier to beat, crazy Bernie or sleepy Joe? They think Bernie's easier to beat
They think Bernie's easier to beat
So whether it's Bernie Sanders' plan to eliminate private healthcare, Elizabeth Warren's plan
I told you that I had more Indian blood in me than her, even though I have none
I have none
Zero
I have none
I have none
I said I have more Indian blood in me than she has
And she choked
She said, I'm going to show
I'm going to show
She hired this company and they went out and did a blood test
1,024th, right? So that means I probably one somewhere down the line a million years ago
I'm telling you, that was horrible
She choked
We don't want a person to win that chokes
We don't want to choke artist, right? One thing you will say about me, I'm not a choker
With all these people for years, they're after me years
We can't have chokers
We can't have chokers as your president
So Elizabeth Warren's plan to eliminate America's borders
That's what she would  or mini Mike's plan to eliminate your Second Amendment and take away your guns
How about that? Mini Mike wants to take away your guns
The insanity of the Democrat party is why millions of registered Democrat voters are joining our movement
They are joining our great new Republican party
This November, we are going to take back the House
We are going to hold the Senate, and we are going to keep the White House
I wonder what they say when they go down the road and they see these groups of 200 people
Seriously
I wonder what they say
They never talk about it
They'll say, Joe Biden had a fabulous crowd today
Fabulous
So fabulous that there's like five people
And they'll leave and they'll say, President Trump had a smattering of applause
Smattering
They use the word smattering a lot
This is not  let's let them hear it
This is not a  this is a big  this is not a smattering
It's not a smattering
Turn the cameras
That's not a smattering
That is not a smattering
I hate it
They say Donald Trump  In India, I hate to say this to you, but  so they actually have 129,000 seat stadium
Did you see it? The place was packed, and they did better than most
They gave me credit for 100,000
That was not bad
It's 129
The stadium holds 100
They had a field that's about three times  it's cricket
It's the biggest stadium
And they had 129
I was with the Prime Minister of India, Modi
Great guy, loved by the people of India
And we had an amazing thing
And I went in, and here's the problem
This is a big crowd
And normally I like talking about my crowds because I get the crowds like nobody, but I just got back from 140 or 50 or 60,000 people and now I'm coming here
What does this place hold, 15? It's hard to be enthused
You understand that? I may never be excited again about a crowd after going to India
Think of this, they have 1
5 billion people
We have 350, so we're doing pretty well, I'll tell you what, but I love this crowd, and I love that crowd too
Tell you they have a great love for  They have a great love
They have a great leader, and they have a great love for the people of this country
That was really a worthwhile trip
With us tonight are both of your incredible US Senators
Two incredible friends, two warriors
Senator Lindsey Graham and Senator Tim Scott, come up here
And by the way, Tim's incredible mother is right here in the front row
As they're doing that, they got this big  I was going to almost do a poll on the two of them, but we're not doing that
But Lindsey is a true fighter for South Carolina
Loves your state
And as chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee  you know that, right? He's the chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee
So important
So important
Senator Graham has been leading the charge to help us confirm a record number of judges to uphold the Constitution as written
Lindsey was amazing, you remember, for Justice Brett Kavanaugh? Remember how badly he  Great job, Lindsey
Great job, man
Thank you
Senator Scott is a leading superstar
He's a superstar
But he is a leader in lowering healthcare costs like nobody has done it
People don't know, but in the last year, prescription drug prices came down for the first time in 51 years
And that was with no Democrat help
If we had the help, we could lower it by 50%
But we'll get their help
One of these days, they're going to get smart
Senator Scott provides world class care for our veterans
What he's done for our veterans is incredible
And bringing investment to distressed communities across our country through opportunity zones, including 135 right here in South Carolina
That's what it is
Tim Scott came to my office with an idea
He said, Opportunity zone
I said, Tim, what the hell is that? What is it? Right, Tim? And he went through a whole big thing and I said, This maybe could work, and we tried it
It is an incredible success, and what he's done for this country is incredible
It's incredible
Lindsey
We'll start with Lindsey
Say a few words, please
Thank you
Well, that was quite a display, wasn't it? Now there's a lot of love in this room
A lot of people say to me, friends of mine, they've very successful
They'll say, How do you speak in front of 25,000 people and 10,000 people and all of this? You know why? There's such love in the room it's easy
No, it's true
There is such  I explained, they don't understand it, because they're not for doing that, but I say there is such unbelievable love in the room that it's easy to do
Very easy
Right? It's sort of easy to do
We're also thrilled to be joined by many more great leaders from across the state
And some of you maybe know I liked this guy for a long time, Governor Henry McMaster
Come up, Henry
Come up, Henry
Representatives Joe Wilson, Jeff Duncan, William Timmons, Ralph Norman, Tom Rice, and the Chairman of the South Carolina Republican party, Drew McKissick
As I introduce somebody, and I'll just say stay there because he was brave, but he got hit hard
He's a very special man, retired Marine Corps, major general, and most of you know he received the Congressional Medal of Honor, James E
Livingston
James, just relax
Where's James? He got hit hard
Thank you, James
Congressional Medal of Honor winner
Thank you, James
They are great brave people
You know, we have the Congressional Medal of Honor and we have the Presidential Medal of Freedom, and they're both the highest awards
One civilian, one is military
I always say getting the Presidential Medal of Freedom is much less painful because when I read them off, I'll read like with James or with so many of the Congressional Medal of Honors, many are not living, to be honest with you
And I'll read stories where one of them recently going up a hill, hit 19 times by gunfire, grabbing four people, bringing them down, getting onto a helicopter, falling out of the helicopter, hitting a tree on the way down
Hitting a tree
They went back and saved him, but he died later
I mean, those are tough deals
Those are tough deals
We have one right here who's living
We have one right here who's living
But they are tough
So thank you very much for being here
And maybe I could ask our governor, our great governor of this incredible state, to say a few words
Please, Henry
Thank you very much
And where's Alan? Is your son here? You're great son, Attorney General? Alan, thank you very much
Take good care of him, okay? Thank you
Thank you, Alan
And thanks to Republicans all over America
We are now working on things that nobody ever thought possible
Since my election, over 121,000 new jobs have been created right here in South Carolina
We've lifted 10 million people off welfare, including 7 million off of food stamps
And that's a good thing, not a bad thing
They're working and they have great jobs and they love getting up in the morning and they're making much more money and it costs our country nothing
We make money, they pay taxes
It's a whole different deal
Median household income has reached the highest level in the history of our country
The unemployment rate nationwide has hit the lowest rate in over 50 years
The average unemployment rate from my administration is the lowest for any US president in recorded history
How about that one? It's a good one
That's a good one
The unemployment rate among African-Americans, Hispanic Americans and Asian Americans has reached record lows
Black youth unemployment has reached an all time low
Black poverty levels are the lowest ever recorded in the history of our country
 Paid family leave
Reducing the cost of childcare and giving 40 million American families an average of $2,200 more in their pocket thanks to the Republican Child Tax Credit
Republican, not Democrat
We are reversing decades of calamitous trade policies that decimated manufacturing all across your state and all across our country
For years, politicians sold you out to global special interests, enriching other countries at your expense
That ended
That ended
But I am not the president of the globe
I don't want to be the president of the world
I am the president of the United States of America
 reciprocal
Reciprocal
Got to be fair
After years of building up other countries, we are finally rebuilding our country
We are finally putting America first
On no issue of Washington Democrats more thoroughly sold out the American people than the issue of immigration
Every Democrat running for president supports free federal welfare for illegal aliens funded by you, the American taxpayer
They want to treat illegal aliens, people that come into our country illegally, better than they want to treat our military and our veterans
Not only does illegal immigration drain our treasury, but it threatens innocent lives
I recently invited to the White House the granddaughter of a 92 year old woman who was raped, beaten, brutalized, and murdered by an illegal alien who had previously been set free in New York City
Here in Charleston County, an illegal alien was recently charged with sexually assaulting a young girl in the fourth grade
In Berkeley County, officers captured a previously deported MS-13 gang member who shot a man to death before dousing the body in gasoline and setting him on fire
And he should have never been in our country
He shouldn't have been allowed
It's being built
It's being built
By the way, just in case you haven't heard, it is being built
That, you know
And they're going to go nuts
They're going to go nuts
They thought they got me
They said, Okay
Have you heard them recently? Okay
He's building the wall
And you think it's easy getting that kind of money to build a wall when I have a whole party and a deep State and some never-Trumpers? They're a dying breed though
The good thing, they're on respirator
They're on respirator
They're on mouth to mouth resuscitation
You can do it
I'm not doing it
They're on mouth to mouth resuscitation, the never-Trumpers
But you think it's easy
It's not
But that's been built
But you know what they say now
Okay
He's building the wall, but Mexico's not paying for it
Yes they are, actually
They are
They are
They are paying for it
And some of the fake news knows that, but they refuse to report it, but that's okay
You'll see
You'll see what's going on
And I want to thank Mexico because, by the way, right now they have 27,000 soldiers on our border protecting our border
We have Mexico protecting our border
And they only do that for Trump
They don't do that for sleepy Joe
They don't do that for crazy Bernie
And they don't do it for mini Mike, that's for sure
They're only doing that for Trump, right? 27,000 soldiers protecting our border
In this region   thousand soldiers protecting our border
In this region of the country alone last year, ICE  They've been treated so badly, right? They are great
They're brave
They're tough
Any men? There are tough guys in here, but anybody want to be an ICE officer? It's tough stuff, right? They go into those nests
They call them nest
That's where these guys get together and they knock the hell
I mean, if they have to  I have to be very careful
I don't want to get them in trouble, because the press wants us to be very politically correct
So let me change it around
They go into a nest of MS13, and they say, Oh, hello gentlemen
How are you? On occasion, they have a fight
They never lose those fights
We need people like that
Hello gentleman
How are you? How many people did you kill last year? How many people did you get kill last year with a knife, because they like knives because it's more painful
This is the kind of people that we were letting into our country
ICE has taken them out of our country by the thousands
By the thousands
Last year, ICE officers arrested 12,000 criminal aliens charged or convicted of dangerous offenses, including robbery, rape and many for a thing called murder
On Wednesday we won the big case in federal court
Did you see that? Did you see that? We won the case unanimously
Unanimously
Federal appeals court, where we don't have to give money to sanctuary cities and States if they don't work with us, finally
Finally
Finally
Why should we? Yet the Democrat candidates oppose all detention of illegal aliens
They want unfettered catch and release
We have ended that program
It was not easy
We have to go through courts
Everything is a court
Everything is a suit
We do anything
We turn to the right, they sue us
We turn to the left, they sue us
We win
But we're winning
We have 218 judges now
It's good
Let me just preface that by saying I know they give fair opinions
It bears no relationship to who appoints them, but I never win with an Obama appointed judge ever
I don't win
No, we have great judges going onto the courts
Great judges
They're fair judges
They're judges that truly love our constitution
It's great
They're judges that if we feel it's right, they don't want to invite the world to trespass across our borders
Very simple
The democrat field also supports deadly sanctuary cities that release violet criminal aliens
You know that
You've been reading
All you have to do is pick up a paper every day
They release these horrible criminals to terrorize our communities
We don't do that anymore
We won't let it happen, and now we don't have to give sanctuary cities and states the money that they're going to want
It's a whole game changer
 I don't think he's doing a good job
This guy doesn't know he's alive
Oh, what bad people
Republicans believe America should be a sanctuary for law abiding Americans, not for criminal aliens
Thanks to our tireless efforts to secure the border, we have reduced illegal border crossings by a staggering 75% since last spring, and we have ended catch and release permanently
You know what catching release is? We catch them, we grab them
We say, Could we please have your address? Address? I don't know what the hell is an address? They don't have an address
Could we have a number? Do you have a phone? Could we call your mother or your father and say in four years you have to come to court
What they do is they catch him, they get some information that the guy has no idea where he lives, and it's one of those things in many cases, and then release
We release him into our country
We don't do that anymore
If you knew what it took  We catch them, and we take some information and we release them in, and we say, Please report back in four years from now for your trial
About 2% come back, and they're the ones that are the dumbest people I've ever seen
2%
Nobody comes back
It's crazy, but we're getting a change
It would be so easy
They call it loopholes
Loopholes
That word alone, they call it loopholes
It would be so easy if we had some democrat support
We don't have any Democrat support
They want open borders
They don't care about crime
Border Patrol has seized the largest amount of deadly narcotics ever in the history of our country this last year
We have deported record numbers of gang members
We are building the wall faster than ever, and we will soon be rebuilding more than one mile a day
Washington democrats have never been more extreme
132 congressional democrats have signed up for Bernie Sanders' healthcare takeover
They want to take away your healthcare
While the Washington Democrats are trying to destroy your healthcare and to destroy your social security
That's what's going to happen
My administration is protecting your social security, your Medicare, and is fighting to give you great healthcare
We are defending your right to keep the doctor and to keep your plan of choice
Remember when President Obama would say, You can keep your doctor
You could keep your plan
28 times
He said, You can keep your doctor and you can keep your plan
Well, he lied
We should impeach him
We should impeach him for that
He lied 28 times
You'll keep your doctor, keep your plan
It's wonderful
Great
Went through the roof
We're doing a great job
We killed the individual mandate, which is the most unbelievable, horrible
It's not really Obamacare anymore, but we're running the hulk of it and we're trying to kill it entirely, and then we will put it back
You'll have great health care, and preexisting conditions will be totally protected
Preexisting conditions will be totally protected
We're making healthcare better and much cheaper
While premiums more than doubled in the five years before I took office, we are now offering plans already that are up to 60% less expensive than the old Obamacare
Think of that and better
And better
We are stopping surprise medical billing, a disgrace
I signed an executive order imposing price transparency, because when providers are required to show their prices, which they don't have to do, but now they do, those same prices fall very, very fast
We have approved a record number of affordable new generic drugs, which are just as good as the name brand drugs, but at a tiny fraction of the cost
They're just as good
I always like a name brand
I mean, there's something
There's no difference
Probably sometimes they're better
We've totally transformed veteran's healthcare, getting long ought VA choice and VA accountability passed after 50 years
 the spectacular right to try
You know what that is? If you're terminally ill, you go all over the world
If you have no money, you can't
You go home and you die
You're terminally ill
They go all over the world
If they have money, they go to Asia, they go to Europe
They're searching
We have the greatest doctors in the world, the greatest labs in the world, greatest technicians in the world, and we have pipelines of drugs coming out for different problems
Now, you sign a piece of paper
We're not going to hold anybody liable
You get to use that drug, and the results have been unbelievable
Unbelievable
Hopefully you don't need it, but now we have right to try
They've been trying for 51 years to get that approved
51 years, and we got it approved
I guess I'm good at getting things approved, aren't I? Those people that I brought up here where the reason too, every one of them
They were incredible
Thank you
Thank you
Senators, Congressman, they were the reasons
We are combating the opioid epidemic
Drug overdose deaths have declined for the first time in nearly 32 years
We have launched new initiatives combating kidney disease, which is a big deal
Kidney disease is so tough that people die literally because it's so much work
They die from overwork
It's just crazy
In theory, they could keep them going for a long time, but the work and the dialysis and all of the things they have to do
We've done things that make it so much easier, and it's just such an honor to be involved
Also, Alzheimer's disease, we're really making strides
It's really a great thing
Great thing
we're pursuing new advances in neonatal research to care for America's youngest patients and breaking all records in so doing
Virtually every Democrat candidate has declared their unlimited support for extreme late term abortion, ripping babies straight from the mother's womb right up until the very moment of birth
That is why I've asked Congress to prohibit late term abortion of babies, because Republicans believe that every child is a sacred gift of God
The Democrat Party is the party of high taxes, high crime, open borders, late term abortion, socialism, blatant corruption, and the total obliteration of your second amendment
The Republican Party is the party of the American worker, the American family, the American dream, and of course the late, great Abraham Lincoln
Republicans are fighting for citizens from every background, every community, and every walk of life
We are the party of boundless optimism, excitement, energy and enthusiasm
We are a big tent
We are a big party
We are the party of big ideas for the future
This is where it is
This is where it is
this is not the old Republican Party
This is a very inclusive party
This is a great party
Republicans are proudly fighting for nationwide school choice, including right here in South Carolina
We want to give school choice to every child in America who needs it, from kindergarten to 12th grade, because no parent should ever be forced to send their child to a failing government school
I passed criminal justice reform to give former prisoners a second chance at life
That's a big deal
This could not have been done by anyone but the Republican Party
They came to me, a group of people, and they wanted criminal justice reform
I wasn't sure about the issue, but we had a lot of great Republicans, very much in favor of it, including people that happen to be right here today
They were very much, and I started studying the issue, worked hard on the issue, and criminal justice reform
You saw Alice Johnson come out of prison
22 years
She had another 20 years left
Think of it
For a phone call
For a phone call
A great woman, but we have many people coming out that shouldn't be there for anywhere near those terms
Not for those terms
But they came to see me, a group
A group of people came
Van Jones, he came up
Oh, thank you, sir
They needed four senators
They needed help
I called Lindsey, I called everybody
I called Tim, who's so great on everything
I called everybody
They needed four senators and maybe five, and they needed help with some of the ones that weren't moving in the right direction
I gave it to them, and I got it, and it was not easy
We get criminal justice reform, and then I signed it
Then this Van Jones has a program that gets no ratings absolutely at all
They say, Van Jones wants to thank everybody for criminal justice reform
I called our great first lady over
I said, Darling, please take a look
It's going to be so nice, because honestly, look, they couldn't have done even close without me
I got all these people together, got them done
It was impossible
Previous presidents couldn't even think about it
They couldn't even think about doing it, and they tried, although I don't think they tried too hard, bur they could have never done it
So he gets up, and he starts by saying, I want to thank the Reverend Al Sharpton
I knew Al when he was very heavy
He looked better when he was heavy
It's true
He's one of the few people, he really looked better when he was heavy
He looked much better when he was heavy
I've got to tell him
I have to explain, because I know him very well
He would admit that he has a lot of respect for your president, but he can't admit it on television
But he called and he said, I want to take the Reverend Al Sharpton, and then name after name after name of people that I never heard of
My wife said, Are they going to think about you, right? Are they going to think about you? I said, Darling, of course
I said, He's saving me til the end, because I was by far
It's true
This is true, Tim
Lindsay, this is true
I said, He's saving me til the end
It's going to be such an honor to be recognized, because I don't get enough publicity
I need a little bit more
He got to the end and he didn't say it, and she looked at me
She sort of smiled
I think she loved it in a certain way
But she sort of smiled
She said, That's too bad
I said, Yeah, it is
Then he said, I have one more thing to say
We must get out this year and fight and vote against this President of the United States
Can you believe that? It's true? It's a true story
Van Jones
These are just terrible that they could  I was a little embarrassed in front of our great first lady, but I'll live through it somehow
I recognized Israel's true capital and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem
We recognized Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights
52 years
52 years that Golan Heights had been fighting and fighting for it
I did it, and I did the true capital, Jerusalem, right? How many presidents promise that? Every president for many, many decades promised we're going to do that
They never did it
I did it
We did a lot
We've invested more than $2 trillion in the United States military, including more than $150 million this year in Joint Base Charleston, Fort Jackson, and Paris Island
We created the sixth branch of the American Armed Forces, the Space Force
We have another branch
72 years
Not for 72 years, the Air Force, have they done a new branch
We did the Space Force
When I first said it, everybody thought I was joking
I said, I'm not joking
They thought it was from the comic strips or the future movies
I said, No, it's all about space
In a number of years, people are going to say, I can't believe we didn't do this sooner
We need a little vision
We need a little foresight
You know what? I mentioned Space Force
At arenas like this, it gets one of the biggest hands, because that's where it's at
That's where it's going, unfortunately, or fortunately
We needed it for defense
We needed it for offense
Sixth branch
72 years
For years, we watched as your politicians apologize for America
Now you have a president who is standing up for America, and we are standing up for the people of South Carolina
At stake in our present battle is the actual survival of our nation
I really believe that it's the survival
You see these maniacs that we're dealing with
They want to give away everything
We will end up being Venezuela large scale version
If you want your children to inherit the blessings that generations of Americans have fought and died for, to secure, then we must devote everything we have towards a victory in November of 2020, November 3rd to be exact
Only this way can we save the America we love and drain the swamp
I never thought it was this deep
Man
I talked about a swamp
You never told me it was this bad, fellas
That swamp is bad
You got dirty cops at the top of the FBI
You got a lot of dirty people, but you also have phenomenal people in the FBI and other places, but we're draining that swamp
I never knew it was going to be this dirty, and we're getting a lot of help from a lot of great people
With your help, we will lift millions more of our citizens from welfare to work, dependence to independence, and from poverty to prosperity
That's what's happening
Think of it
From poverty to prosperity
Look at some of the stories that you have over there
Look at some of the incredible stories
Look at Tim Scott
Look at that incredible story
No, really
It's an incredible story
Lindsay will say it
I give about 99% of the credit to Tim Scott's mother
I do
I guarantee you, Tim, there was no games, right? There was no games in your household
It was let's go to work, right? Great mother
Thank you very much
Thank you
Together we will elect a Republican Congress to create a fair, safe, sane, and lawful system finally of immigration
We will continue to enact new trade deals that result in more products proudly stamped with beautiful phrase, Made in the USA
We will achieve new breakthroughs in science and medicine, finding new cures for childhood cancer, infectious diseases like we're working on right now, and ending the AIDS epidemic
Nobody thought this was possible in less now than nine years, and it should have been started before
We will end the AIDS epidemic
Who would have thought we could have done that? We will land the first woman on the moon and become the first nation in the world to plant our flag on Mars
You have to land on moon, and then you go to Mars
We will defend privacy, free speech, religious liberty, and the right to keep and bear arms
Above all, we will never stop fighting for the sacred values that bind us together as one America
We support, protect and defend the constitution of the United States
We stand with the incredible heroes of law enforcement
We believe in the dignity of work and the sanctity of life
We believe that faith and family, not government and bureaucracy, are the true American way
We believe that children should be taught to love our country, honor our history, and to always respect our great American flag, and we live by the words of our national motto, In God we trust
From Greenville to Columbia and from Myrtle Beach to Hilton Head to right here in Charleston, this state is home to some of the toughest men and strongest women ever to walk on the face of the earth
It's true
It's true
True
We stand on the shoulders of American Patriots who have crossed the oceans, blazed the trails, settled the continent, tamed the wilderness, dug out the Panama Canal, lay down the railroads, revolutionized industry, liberated millions from poverty, hunger and disease, won two world wars, defeated fascism and communism and made America the single greatest nation in the history of the world, and we are making it greater every single day
Proud citizens like you helped build this country, and together we are taking back our country
We are returning power to you, the American people
With your help, your devotion and your drive, we are going to keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting, and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning
You have the best year ever on record, right? Southeast, best year you've ever had, right? You have a great governor, you have two senators, great congressman, the greatest year you've ever had, but some people in South Carolina are getting a little tired, I'm surprised to hear this, of winning
I've very surprised to hear this
Some actually called in two great senators into a big meeting, a town hall, and they said, Senator Scott, Senator Lindsay Graham, we're tired of winning and South Carolina
Can't do it anymore
It's too much
It's too much
We've had years where we weren't winning, and it was okay
We couldn't get jobs
We took it easy, but we just want you to go and see your friend, the president, and we want you to represent us
We want you to say, Mr
President, South Carolina is tired of winning
We don't want to win anymore
We are tired, sick, tired of winning
' They're going to come in and say, Sir, I hate to tell you, but the people of South Carolina don't want to win anymore
I'll say, Mr
Senators, let me tell you something
South Carolina does want to win
They want to win more than anybody, and we're not going to change a thing, because we're winning like never before
You know what? We're going to keep it that way
Sorry, senators
Go back to South Carolina, senators
Go back to South Carolina, because we are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God
America is thriving like never before, and ladies and gentlemen of South Carolina, the best is yet to come
The best is yet to come
The best is yet to come, because together we will make America wealthy again, we will make America strong again, we will make America proud again, we will make America safe again, and we will make America great again
Thank you, South Carolina
Thank you

I want to thank you very much
North Carolina, thank you very much
I'm thrilled to back in the great city of Charlotte, where, by the way, we're having our convention
I guess you heard that, right? With thousands of hardworking American patriots who love our country, cherish our values, respect our laws and always put America first
Eight months from now, we're going to defeat the radical socialists
We're going to win the great state of North Carolina in a landslide
We won it last time, we're going to win it this time by even more
And you know, Eric and Lara named their daughter, you know what her name is? Carolina, Carolina
Her name is Carolina for a reason
This is an incredible time for our nation
Our country is stronger than ever before
And today, we just had the largest one day increase in the stock market in history
That's great
That's great
That was great
You know, our opponents were saying,  Oh, maybe he's in trouble, maybe the economy   They'll do anything
They'll do anything
I'm sure they were thrilled
Do you think our opponents were thrilled when they saw the stock market today? I don't think so
By the way, look at this
Look back there, look at all of that press
Look at all them
Man, I don't know if Sleepy Joe, or Bernie, I don't think they have that much press
Bernie was going wild
Why would I be here tonight? Why would I be here? He said why would I be here tonight? We don't have the primary, we've already won the thing, you know? I was going to say the you know what thing, I held it back, because they'll say, Horrible language
He used horrible language today
But we're doing fantastically
There's never been a time where the Republican Party was so unified as it is now
Never, never
And you hear about enthusiasm for crazy Bernie, and that's true, he does have some enthusiasm, but much less than we have and a much smaller group of people, too
And there's not a lot of enthusiasm for Biden
I thought he gave up the presidency the other day because he said he's running for the Senate
I looked at the First Lady, I said,  Hey, he's running for the Senate
And today he just said Super Thursday, he's looking forward to Super Thursday
Jobs are booming in our country, incomes are soaring, poverty has plummeted, confidence is surging, and we have completely rebuilt the awesome power of a thing called the United States military
Every day, for me and for you, it's promises made, promises kept
One of the most important promises I made is right to this era
You know, we look at it, it's the never ending wars in the Middle East
We're taking our soldiers, we're bringing them back home
We're not law enforcement
We're bringing them back home
American troops cannot be the policemen for the world, or to create democracy in other nations that frankly probably don't want it
The job of the American military is to secure and defend our country
Two days ago, the Unites States signed a deal with the Taliban so that after 19 years of conflict, and very close to 20, we can finally begin to bring our amazing troops back home
After years of rebuilding foreign nations, we are finally rebuilding our nation and taking care of our own American citizens And all of the things that we've done, we've wiped out the terrorists, we've done so much, and you know what? We're 8,000 miles away
You got a lot of big countries surrounding Afghanistan, you've got Afghanistan itself
The progress that was made, was made possible by the extraordinary valor of our men and our women in uniform
You know that
We pay a special tribute, and I know you pay it, a special tribute to our great wounded warriors and those who made the ultimate sacrifice
As we bring back our troops, we are committed to ensuring that foreign terrorists are denied admission to America in the first place
They're not coming here, and if they do, bad things happen to them
We must keep radical Islamic terrorists the hell out of our country
By the way, I have to say this, you know you have thousands and thousands of people outside
Somebody was saying that if Pocahontas, any one of them, Sleepy Joe, he doesn't have that, so he doesn't have a lot, he has very small crowds, but if Sleepy Joe or if any of them had a crowd one-tenth this size, they go around talking about how big the crowd
They never say that
Hey, take your cameras and spin them around this big arena
Right now
Spin them around
No fun to be a protestor at a Trump rally, but do we have a great time at a Trump rally? My administration has also taken the most aggressive action in modern history to protect Americans from the Coronavirus
You know about this whole thing? Horrible
Including, sweeping travel restrictions
Today, we met with the big great pharmaceutical companies, and they're really working hard, and they're working smart, and we had a great meeting today with a lot of the great companies
They're going to have vaccines I think relatively soon
And they're going to have something that makes you better, and that's going to actually take place we think even sooner
So a lot of good things are happening, but we have strong borders, and really, our tough and early actions have really been proven to be 100% right
We went out, we're doing everything in our power to keep the sick and infected people from coming into our country
We're working on that very hard
We closed our borders very early
I took a lot of heat for that
Remember when I closed the borders to certain areas of the world? I took a lot of heat
But there are fringe globalists who would rather keep our borders open than keep our infection, think of it, keep all of the infection, let it come in
And we're working with other countries
In all fairness, look, it's a problem, we're working with other countries
Remember this, over the last long period of time, the flu, the common flu, you know this, right? From 27,000 to 70,000 people get infected, and many people die
Think of it, 27,000
You lose 27,000 people to the common flu
It can be much more
One year was much higher than the 70,000 number
Those people died
So when you lose 27,000 people a year, nobody knew that
I didn't know that
Three, four weeks ago, I was sitting there, I said, What do we lose with the regular flu? They said, About 27,000 minimum, goes up to 70, sometimes even 80, one year it went up to 100,000 people
I said, Nobody told me that
Nobody knows that
Last year was approximately 36,000 people died
So we're working hard on it, and we're going to come up with some really great solutions
In the meantime, we're stopping  Only in North Carolina
Only in North Carolina
It can only be
How many people here are from South Carolina, by the way? All right, we love both places
But that was from North Carolina
But just to finish up, so we've made a lot of progress, we've really done a great job with it
We're keeping our borders strong
My job is to protect the health of American patients and Americans first, and that's what I'll do
Washington Democrats are trying to politicize the coronavirus, denigrating the noble work of our public health professionals
But honestly, not so much anymore
Everyone appreciates, these are the greatest professionals in the world at what they do
We're actually helping a lot of other countries where they have some very, very big problems
So we have our professionals in constant touch, I'm in constant touch with some of the leaders and helping them out
But the political attacks from some of the Democrats really must stop
We've got to all work together on this one to safeguard our people
We're going to safeguard our people, the United States
The United States is, right now, ranked by far number one in the world for preparedness
Earlier today, when I met with the pharmaceutical companies, things were discussed and learned honestly
The media didn't know
Nobody knew
They've never heard this before
And we learned a lot, and maybe that had the impact on the stock market
Who knows what happened, but we're going to reduce and the severity of what's happening, the duration of the virus
We discussed all of these things
We will bring these therapies to market as rapidly as possible
And I have to say, with a thriving economy the way it is, and the most advanced health system on earth, America is so resilient, we know what we're doing, we have the greatest people on earth, the greatest health system on earth
We have the greatest health system on earth
The renewal of American strength over the last three years means at times of challenge, we are the best prepared to rise to any occasion
No country is better equipped than America to handle new threats, and no people are more skilled, talented, tough, or driven than Americans
And together, we are in the midst of the great American comeback
That's what it is
Last month, we added 225,000 new jobs in January alone
That makes seven million jobs since the election
We have destroyed the ISIS territorial caliphate, and we killed the founder and leader of ISIS, al-Baghdadi
He is dead
And we took out the world's top terrorist, Qasem Soleimani, ending his evil reign on terror forever, Soleimani
While the extreme left has been wasting time with vile hoaxes and delusional witch hunts, we have been killing terrorists, creating jobs, raising wages, and lifting up American citizens of every race, religion, color, and creed
Tomorrow, voters in states across the nation will head to the polls for Super Tuesday, not Super Thursday
No, he said, Super Thursday
You can't do these things
Can you imagine if I said Super Thursday? It would be over, right? I would be over
No matter how good you are at certain things, you can't, as an example, a name like Sleepy Joe, he's constantly naming the wrong state
It's great to be in the state of Ohio
No, no, no, I'm sorry, you're in North Carolina
No, no
Joe! Do you ever see them run up with a sign, No, no, North Carolina, Joe! Once that happens, you might as well leave the states, because it's a disaster no matter how good you're doing
We're in North Carolina! It's great to be in Idaho! No, you're in Iowa
Nah, he makes a lot of those mistakes, they're a little scary? We're going to protect your second amendment, you understand that
But did you see, Sleepy Joe, did you see Sleepy Joe, where he said, Last year, 150 million people were killed by guns in our country
150 million! That means 50% of our country
That's a big story
150
Can you imagine Trump saying that? These people would never let me live it down
We can't make even a little mistake
We can't make even a little, tiny, tiny mistake
If we make a tiny mistake, it's headlining
They say things like 150 million people killed, guns, they say Super Thursday, they say Georgia, he's looking forward to winning Georgia tomorrow
Georgia's not in Super Tuesday! So many mistakes! You can't do that when you're negotiating with China
Can't do that when you're negotiating with these countries, can you? Those mistakes would be very tremendous
Then you have Mini Mike
You see this guy? Can you believe it? Mini Mike
He's being interviewed tonight on Fox
Can you believe it? Fox
They want to be politically correct
They want to interview, they end up interviewing more Democrats than Republic  I don't know what's going on with Fox
But they're interviewing this guy the night before  Mini Mike, ay, ay, ay, what a mess he is
The worst debate performance in the history of presidential debate history
The worst in history
Nah, I got to have more
I'd get down real low, but I don't want to copy him
Everybody saw it
Everyone said, Oh, they all say, Oh! Do that again where you get down low
But if I do that again, it's a copy
It's a copy! No, no
No
You never like to copy, even though you're copying yourself
You don't like to copy
You do it once
It was a big hit
But you do it once, and you sort of say, That was nice, don't do it again, because if it doesn't work the second time, it gets embarrassing, right? Right? We all know
But no, he's a disaster waiting to happen
He's a mess
No matter which Democrat candidate you're talking about, and you understand that, any one of these candidates  And you see what's happening, right? It's being rigged against  It's sad
It's being rigged against Crazy Bernie
Crazy Bernie is going to go crazy
Crazy
I think Crazy Bernie is going to be more crazy when they see what they're doing
I called it a long time ago
Mayor Pete Buttigieg, Buttigieg, May Pete, he quit
Out last night
Then I hear a Senator from a state we're going to win, we're going to win that state, but she dropped out
Sounds like they made a deal
They both supported Sleepy Joe
You know why? They made a deal
You know why? Quid pro quo, that's why
Don't care
Quid pro quo
Quid pro quo, they made a deal
Impeach them! They should be impeached! They should be impeached! Quid pro quo
But they've embraced an extreme left wing agenda
Their plans would massively raise your taxes, destroy our liberty, muzzle our faith, and erase our sovereignty
You know that
The Democrat Party has gone crazy
Whether it's Bernie Sanders plan to eliminate private healthcare, Elizabeth Pocahontas's plan  By the way, she's history
She's history
I came up with that name far too early, I should've just waited
But it didn't matter
I thought she was making a come back
I said, Wow, I just did it to her
But you know those embers were burning a little bit a couple of months ago? They never caught on
In fact, she'll probably lose the State of Massachusetts to Bernie
So she doesn't know what to do because you're not supposed to lose the State of Massachusetts if you get in there
She's the Senator
She's the Senator for Massachusetts, I think she's going to lose it to Bernie
And Miss Michigan, you see what's going on over there? Michigan, we're leading
We're leading in Wisconsin
We're leading in Florida
We're leading in the last election
Hey, how great was the 2016 election? One of the greatest nights, one of the most highest rated television nights in the history of television
And remember, there was oh, this is going to be a quick one
This is going to be oh, that wasn't so easy for them
I love the scene
The scene of that convention center where Hillary was getting ready to speak, and then she found out she lost
But Elizabeth Warren's here to plan to eliminate our borders, or Mini Mike's plan to eliminate your second amendment
Mike Bloomberg wants to eliminate your second amendment
Don't worry about it, it's not going to happen
Not going to happen for him
For sleepy Joe, he doesn't even know where he is, what he's doing, or what office he's running for
Actually, I honestly don't think he knows what office he's running for
And it doesn't matter
Maybe he gets in, because he's a little more moderate
So maybe he gets in
But he's not going to be running it
Other people are going to
They're going to put him into a home, and other people are going to be running the country
But they're going to be super left radical crazies
They're going to be super left radical crazies, Joe's going to be in a home
He'll be watching television
Everything will be just fine
The insanity of Washington Democrats is why millions of registered Democrat voters are joining our movement
They are joining our great Republican party
We have the enthusiasm in our party
No, I really mean it
I constantly hear about the enthusiasm
They're fighting each other, they hate each other, they don't know what's going on
We have all the love, we have all the enthusiasm, and we know what we're doing
We know what we're doing
So we're thrilled to be joined tonight by many really great, terrific, brilliant, wonderful warriors
Even though he comes from a slightly different state, but not to far by, is somebody that really has distinguished himself, he's become a great friend of mine
What he did for Justice Kavanaugh, do you remember that? One of the greatest statements ever made in the United State's Senate, Senator Lindsey Graham
Come on up, Lindsey
Lindsey Graham, come on up, Lindsey
Come here, Lindsey
I got to have him say something, come here, Lindsey, great guy
They handle pressure so well
They came and we gave a rally that was like this and Dan Bishop and Gregg Murphy won by so much, it wasn't even close
They're great people, and they've done a fantastic job
Thank you very much
They handle pressure
They were under a lot of pressure, they handled it well
It's nice to know people can handle pressure, there aren't too many of them
North Carolina Republican party chairman Michael Whatley
Thank you, Michael
I have a few great friends of mine and they love North Carolina
Louis DeJoy, who you know, Louis DeJoy
Two great people, diamond and silk
Right? Diamond and silk
We love them
You know the first lady, a long time ago now, right? How long is that? Probably almost almost five years ago, she said, There are these two women on the internet, they're unbelievable
They're unbelievable
I said, Oh, I know, I hear that all the time
I hear it all the time
She said, the next day she came again
She said, I saw them again, they're unbelievable
I said, Let me see
I saw them, I fell in love with it, and everybody fell in love with Diamond and Silk
So thank you
Some people that have really been helpful to me, Corey Lewandowski, David Bussey, and Pam Bondi, right here
Thanks also to all of the people who are working to make the 2020 Republican National Convention right here in Charlotte an outstanding success, RNC chairman Ronna McDaniel, RNC co chairman Tommy Hicks, and Convention president Marcia Lee Kelly, thank you all
You're doing a great job, I'll tell you they're looking, they're going to spend a lot of money and doing a good job
Should we doing a great job, but just an okay job? It doesn't matter as long as you win
You know what I gave when we won last time, somebody else took them to convention center, spent a fortune and I just took a hotel ballroom
I said, What the heck, if I win, nobody cares, if I don't
Look if you win, nobody cares what room you're in
If you lose, nobody cares what room you're in
So we took a ballroom, nice ballroom, that's it, no big deal
I think it this way, if we win, nobody cares
And if we lose, I'm out of there, I save a hell of a lot of money
Every place that we've gone, it's been amazing
I'd also like to recognize, so important, a woman who's really helped us win North Carolina in 2016, I have a feeling this year, she'll even do better, because she happened to grow up here, Lara Trump and my son Eric Trump
Two great people
I mean I have to say that about my son, but I know a lot of people don't like their sons that much, but Lara has been fantastic, and thank you very much, what a job
She knows this state better than anybody in this room except maybe this guy right here
How are we doing, Lara? How are we doing? How are we doing in the state, are we doing good? And we're doing well in Pennsylvania I hear, and South Carolina, I know we're doing great there
Also with us tonight, is a man who's really become a good friend of mine
We were going at it a little bit at the beginning, but I will tell you, and I would say if I didn't get along, I would not be here
I wouldn't do this
I think he's been tremendous
He's been a tremendous supporter and things that we've wanted to do, and fights that we've had which were so important, he's been right up, and Lizzie will tell you that he's been right up in front and really he deserves another six year term
Probably a lot longer than that, but he's going to come up and I'm going to ask Senator Thom Tillis, come on up
Thom has really been incredible, he's been working everyday
And he really wants to fight to the radical left and he does it and he knows how to fight, and take care of our amazing veterans, and stop illegal immigration
Thom is the champion for the people of North Carolina
This November, we need everybody to go and vote for Thom, he's doing great
He's doing great
I hear he's way up in the polls, he's way up in the polls
Thom, say a few words
Get me off this stage
Get me off
You guys didn't tell me this was going to happen
No, that was great Thom
We're also honored to be joined tonight by a true American hero, a veteran of World War II and the Korean War who just turned 100 years old
His name is George Washington Perry, legit
George, thank you very much for being here
Thank you, George
100 years
He's 100 and he looks good
Thank you, George
With the help of everyone here tonight, America has now become the hottest economy anywhere on the planet earth
Since my election over 219,000 new jobs have been created right here in North Carolina
We have lifted 10,000,000 people off of welfare, including 7,000,000 people off of food stamps
Median household income has reached the highest level ever recorded, think of that
The average unemployment rate from my administration is the lowest for any US president in recorded history, that's happening, that's happening
The unemployment rate among African Americans, Hispanic Americans, and Asian Americans has reached the lowest level in recorded history
Very important to me, African American youth unemployment has reached an all time low
African American poverty is that the lowest rate ever recorded
For decades democratic politicians betrayed, and they truly did, they betrayed African Americans
My administration is delivering for African Americans like never before
No president has done more for our black community, no president has done more for our black community, and it's an honor to do it
Last month here in Charlotte, we launched a nationwide campaign to create a better future for all Americans
It's called Opportunity Now, you know about it
We're also fighting to ensure that working families have access to paid family leave, reducing the cost of childcare and giving 40,000,000 american families an average of $2,200 thanks to the Republican child tax credit
The Republicans are claiming that we did that nobody else did, but the Democrats are saying, How did they do that one?
The USMCA is a giant for North Carolina's incredible farmers and factory workers
And by the way, speaking of farms, factory workers, and small businesses, are all for the death tax
You know about the death tax, right? It's called the inheritance tax
You have a small farm some place, you have a small business, you have a nice business, you no longer have an inheritance tax or a death tax
So if you want to leave it to your children, you can leave it to your children, there's no tax to be paid by your children
So they don't have to go back to the evil banker, borrow money from the banker, lose the farm, lose the business, it won't happen
And I always say, I know a lot of parents that don't love the children very much
Is there anybody in this room that does not love your children? Please raise your hand
Please raise your hand
Nobody
Nobody, that's because we're North Carolina, you love your children
But if you don't, then it doesn't matter because if you don't love your children, don't leave them a damn thing, but you don't have the inheritance tax anymore, which is great
A lot of people don't even know that, but that's a big deal or no issue have Washington Democrats more thoroughly betraying the American people than on the issue of immigration sanctuary cities, which release dangerous criminals to terrorize your communities
Right here in North Carolina, believe it or not, the sanctuary county of Durham released an illegal alien criminal, who then receded to viciously murdered a young 19 year old woman last year, you know all about it
Killing her and dumping her body into the woods
Last year alone, sanctuary jurisdictions in North Carolina, how did that happen to North Carolina? Deliberately set free hundreds and hundreds of, and these are really dangerous criminal aliens, including those charged or convicted of burglary, gun crime, sexual assault, kidnapping, and even suffering they inflict on our people
We're building the wall
We're building the wall
We're building the wall
We're building the wall
Mexico's paying for the wall, by the way
We built 127 miles as of today, 127
Mexico is paying for the wall
The media is going to be thrilled when I explain that Mexico is paying for the wall because you know, now finally they said I've had obstruction like you wouldn't believe
The entire democratic party
I could get anything
I created Space Force
I could do anything
I could get
Lindsey and Thom Tillis knows
Mark knows this
All of them knows this
If I wanted 25 cents for the wall, they didn't want to get it
They didn't want to do it, but now we got it, and you think that's easy? Nobody else could have done this
We're building it
We're building our hearts away
We'll soon be building many, many miles a week, but we're up to over 125, I guess 127, 28 by now, of the super duper wall, super duper
I went to Border Patrol, I said,  What is your wish? Well, sir, we'd like it to be steel and concrete
They want it exactly what they have it, and the barriers up top, they want everything
It's called a no climb provisor, no climb provisor
I said, What does the word provisor mean? They didn't know
All it means is you're not able to climb over it
It is very tough
I don't know if you saw
In a part of the wall, a couple of weeks ago, they were climbing the wall, and the fire department had to come and take them down
That's what the no climb is
That's what the no climb is
It's a no climb
It's more money
It's a little more expensive
Thank you
Who is that? What a voice
Pavarotti
So, we're building the wall
It's going great
So, they said, All right
He's building the wall, but Mexico's not paying for it
Yes, they are
You'll see
You'll see
You understand
Some of you understand because I told a few people last week, it got linked to the fake news media
If you want to end sanctuary cities in North Carolina and across America, then you have only one choice
You must vote Republican
You have to
You have to
We've added catch and release, one of the worst loopholes you've ever seen, catch and release
You catch them
You then say, Where do you live? They don't know because look, let's face it, they don't know
I understand that
It's not even to be laughed at
They don't know
Where do you live? I don't know
Mexico, maybe, Honduras, Guatemala, who knows? El Salvador
Where do you live? Like this guy, he's a Mexican
You're about as Mexican as I am
Look at this guy
He's as Mexican as I am
Look at that hat
Are you Mexican? Are you Mexican? No, you're not
Are you? He is
It's like Elizabeth Warren
She said she was an Indian
I said, I have more Indian blood in me than you have, and I have none
She said, Oh, this is terrible
So she went out and got a test and it turned out not so good for her
Right? 1024th, right? One thousandths, so I was right
I probably have more in me
What a phony she is
What a phony
Washington Democrats have never been more extreme
132 Congressional Democrats have signed up for Bernie Sanders' healthcare takeover
While the Washington Democrats are trying to destroy your healthcare and your social security, and they are going to destroy your social security
Remember they used to say with me, I'm going to end it the first day
Well, you know what, we're going to soon be four years and all I've done is make it stronger
You know that
My administration is protecting your social security, your Medicare, and is fighting to give you great healthcare
You're going to have great health
We are defending your right to keep the doctor and to keep the plan of your choice
Remember President Obama? You can keep your doctor
You can keep your plan
28 times
They said, Impeach him
You should impeach him
28 times he lied
28 times on record, You can keep your doctor, you can keep your plan
Well, that's not true
It wasn't
Impeach him
We're making healthcare better and much cheaper while premiums more than doubled in the last five years before I took office
We are now offering plans that are up to 60% less expensive and they're better plans
We are protecting people with preexisting conditions and we always will, and we are trying terminate, in the Supreme Court of the United States, the worst healthcare in the world, and we are going to give you the best healthcare you've ever seen at a low price and again, protecting preexisting conditions
Protecting preexisting conditions
We're fighting to stop surprise medical billing
You know what that is? Surprise
You get all sorts of surprises
We have people that take a blood test in one place, it's $26, and in another place it's $2000
Same blood test, maybe the cheap one is better, who knows? Same blood test
It's wrong
Surprise medical building
Bombed
Out
Billing
I signed an executive order opposing price transparency that's going to be bigger than healthcare, because when providers are required to show their prices, those same prices fall very, very fast
Right? It's a big thing
It's a big thing
We've approved a record number of affordable new generic drugs, which are just as good as name brand drugs, but a fraction of the cost
We have given them, and there's a lot of political pressure not to do that, you can understand why
To care for our amazing veterans, we passed VA Choice and VA Accountability, and nobody said it could be done
So now, instead of waiting in line for days and days, and weeks and weeks to see a doctor, you go outside, you get a doctor, we pay the bill, you get all fixed up
What a great thing
It's called VA Choice
I got it done
They've been trying to pass it for almost 50 years and they haven't been able to
Those people over there were a great help
We have passed the spectacular Right to Try
You know what that is? Hopefully nobody in the room needs
Hopefully nobody in the room needs Right to Try
We are combating the opioid epidemic
Drug overdose deaths have declined for the first time in nearly 31 years
We've launched new initiatives combating kidney disease and Alzheimer's, and we're pursuing new advances in neonatal research to care for America's youngest patients, and breaking all records in so doing
Virtually every Democratic candidate has declared their unlimited support for extreme late term abortion, ripping babies straight from the mother's womb, right up until the very moment of birth
How about that? That is why I've asked Congress to prohibit late term abortion of babies, because Republicans believe that every child is a sacred gift of God
Then you have the Governor of Virginia
The baby is born
The baby is born and he says, And then you go over and start talking to the mother as to whether or not you execute the baby
This is the Governor of Virginia
The Governor of Virginia
He's a beauty
You remember what he did? He wanted to dance like Michael Jackson and his wife stopped him
He got lucky
But the Governor of Virginia wanted to do that
The baby is born and then he goes over and talks to the mother
The doctor will now talk, and you'll make a decision as to whether or not the baby lives
Did you ever hear of anything like this? The Democratic party is the party of high taxes, high crime, unlimited regulations, open borders, late term abortion, socialism, blatant corruption, and the total obliteration of your second amendment
The Republican party is the party of the American worker, the American family, the American dream, and the late great Abraham Lincoln
So many people came up to me tonight and they want me to fight, and we're doing it for school choice, so that every child who needs it, gets it
No parent should ever be forced to send their child to a failing government school
I passed criminal justice reform to give former prisoners a second chance at life
Alice Johnson, do we love Alice Johnson? This could not have been done by anyone other than the Republican party
I recognized Israel's true capital and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem
We recognized Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights
Our historic investments in the United States military include $200 million to a place that nobody's heard of in this audience, I'm sure, Fort Bragg
$300 million for Marine Corps Air Station Cherry Point
More than $500 million for Marine Corps Air Station New River
Listen to this one
No Democrat's going to this
They don't even want to spend money on the military
They don't like the military
They're not going to spend money
$1
2 billion for Camp Lejeune
$1
2 billion
Do you think that a guy like sleepy Joe's going to put, he doesn't know what it means
I know what I means
We have to have a strong military
We have the strongest military we've ever had
When I came in, our military was in sad shape
It was depleted, but we've rebuilt it, $2
5 trillion dollars went into our military
01] is the actual survival of an our nation itself
If you want your children to inherit the blessings of generations of Americans who fought and died to secure, and you know what they're securing, they are securing us, they're securing our freedom, then we must devote everything we have toward victory in November, November 3rd to be exact
Only this way can we save the America we love, and drain the Washington swamp, which is by the way, much more vicious, much dirtier, much deeper than I ever thought, but we are kicking ass
With your help, we will lift billions more of our citizens from welfare to work, dependence to independence, and poverty to prosperity
Together we will elect a Republican Congress to create a fair, safe, sane and lawful system of immigration, and we will continue with the great Thom Tillis
We will get Thom Tillis
Thom, I don't think anybody even wants to run against you, Thom, but we're going to reelect Thom Tillis
Is that right? We're going to reelect Thom Tillis
If we don't, I'm going to be so angry at you
I'll only come back here a few times a year
No, Thom is going to be great
Thom, I think you're in great shape
I think you're in great shape
One more hand for Thom Tillis, please
We don't even know who's running against him
Nobody wants the run
We will continue to enact new trade deals that result in more products proudly stamped with that beautiful, beautiful, beautiful phrase Made in the USA, right? Made in the USA
We will achieve new breakthroughs in science and medicine, finding cures for childhood cancer and ending the AIDS epidemic in less than nine years
We've already started
Who would have thought? We will defend privacy, free speech, religious liberty and the right to keep and bear arms
Your second amendment rights are under siege
Believe me, they're under siege
We don't get in, you can forget your second amendment
That's what I think
I really believe it
Above all, we will never stop fighting for the sacred values that binds us together as one beautiful America
We support, protect and defend the Constitution of the United States
We stand with the incredible heroes of law enforcement
We believe in the dignity of work, and the sanctity of life
We believe that faith and family, not government and bureaucracy, are the true American way
We believe that children should be taught to love our country, honor our history, and to always respect our great American flag
We live by the words of our national motto, In God We Trust
From Fayetteville to Wilmington, from Raleigh to Greensboro, from Asheville to Kitty Hawk, to right here in Charlotte, this state is the home to some of the toughest men and strongest women, and most incredible patriots ever to walk the face of the Earth
We stand on the shoulders of American heroes who crossed the ocean, blazed the trail, sailed the continent, tamed the wilderness, dug out the Panama Canal, laid down the railroads, revolutionized industry, won two world wars, defeated fascism, and communism, and made America the single greatest nation in the history of the world, and we are making it greater every single day
Proud citizens like you helped build this country, and together we are taking back our country
We are returning power to you, the American people, that's what's happening
With your help, your devotion, and your drive, we are going to keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting, and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning
We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God
America is thriving like never before, and ladies and gentlemen of North Carolina, the best is yet to come
Because together, we have made America wealthy again
We have made America strong again
We have made America proud again
We have made America safe again, and we have made America great again
Thank you
Thank you, North Carolina
Thank you

Thank you all
Thank you very much
Thank you to Vice President Mike Pence, and hello Cincinnati
You know, I used to work in Cincinnati, a place called Swifton Village
You know what that is? Swifton Village? It was good and it worked out well, and it gives you confidence when things work out well at a young age, and look what happened to all of us, right? Look what happened
Look what happened
I was watching the so-called debate last night, and I also watched the night before that was long, long television
The Democrats spent more time attacking Barack Obama than they did attacking me practically
This morning, that's all the fake news was talking about
It's all they were talking about
That wasn't pretty
No, we're doing good
It's great to be back in the state that I love
I love this state
Very special
Very, very special, on the banks of the beautiful Ohio River with the hardworking patriots of the American heartland
Thank you, Ohio
We love you, Ohio
We've got thousands of people standing outside, and I asked the officials can we sneak some up along the aisles? Can they sit on the stairs? But I'll tell you what, this is some crowd, some turnout
We've sold tens of thousands of tickets
And, you know what the sale price is? We keep it nice and low
We keep it nice and low
But, there never has been a movement like this
This is a movement the likes of which they've never seen before, maybe anywhere, but certainly in this country
They've never seen anything like this before
You came from the mountains and the valleys and the rivers, and you came for  I mean, look, from wherever you came from
There were a lot of you
And, they showed up on election day
I'll never forget, a wonderful congressman from Tennessee
They have early voting, and one of the earliest places, great state, Tennessee, and he was in Pennsylvania with me, great state
And he said, You know, sir, I've been doing this for a long time, but I've never seen people like this show up for early voting
People that haven't voted in a long time because they didn't see anybody they wanted to vote for
He said, I've never seen it
They have Trump banners, and Trump hats, and Trump buttons
I've never seen it
This great congressman said, I don't know, sir, but I can tell you one thing
If the rest of the country is voting like Tennessee is voting, you're going to win by a lot
And, we won, and we won by a lot
We won by a lot
Our nation is stronger today than ever before
The number one economy on earth
No economy is so strong
We're rebuilding the awesome might of the United States military, and soon it will be stronger relatively speaking than at any time in our history, and when we took over, it was depleted
We took over a depleted military
It's not depleted anymore, I can tell you that
Our spirit is strong
Our stride is back and our stand is clear
We are finally putting America first
It's about time
We've created six million new jobs since election day
Nobody would've thought that was possible
More than seven million Americans have been lifted off of food stamps, and they're happy
They're happy
123,000 more Ohio workers are employed today than when I was elected
Think of that number
And, right now, Ohio is the most successful it's ever been in the history of our country
Thank you
Congratulations, Ohio
Stand up, Mike
And, you have a good governor
I want to tell you that
Good job
Mike
Unemployment has reached the lowest rate in over half a century and unemployment for African-Americans, Hispanic-Americans and Asian-Americans have all reached the lowest rates ever recorded
While Republicans are working every day to build up our country, the rage-filled Democrat Party is trying to tear America apart
The Democrat Party is now being led by four left wing extremists who reject everything that we hold dear
No one has paid a higher price for the far left's destructive agenda than Americans living in our nation's inner cities
They have paid a dear price
Do you see what's happening? You see our inner cities, we spend billions and billions and billions for years and years and years, and it's stolen money and it's wasted money and it's a shame
For decades, these communities have been run exclusively by democratic politicians, and it's been total one party control of the inner cities
For a hundred years, it's been one party control and look at them
We can name one after another, but I won't do that because I don't want to be controversial
We want no controversy
No controversy
The democrat record is one of neglect and corruption and decay
Total decay
The Democrats have tax and regulated jobs and opportunity out of these cities and out of existence
They've squeezed the blood out of them
Left wing mayors and city councils have opposed school choice, trapping children and failing in government schools left and right
So many of these mayors right now, you know where they are? They're in jail, that's where they are
Republicans believe that every parent has the right to send their children to the school of their choice, but the greatest betrayal committed by the Democrats is their support for open borders
These open borders would overwhelm schools and hospitals, drain public services, and flood communities with poisonous drugs
It's tough enough, and I want to thank, by the way, the country of Mexico
They've got 21,000 soldiers on the border right now
I'm starting to like Mexico a lot
They do a lot more for us than the Democrats do, right? A lot more, a lot more
And, the numbers are way down
You'll see that
Way, way down
Democrat lawmakers care more about illegal aliens than they care about their own constituents
They put foreign citizens before American citizens
We're not going to do that
572 people were murdered in Chicago last year
So, you got a lot of hot people outside, but we broke the all time record
The homicide rate in Baltimore is significantly higher than El Salvador, Honduras, Guatemala
I believe it's higher than  Give me a place that you think is pretty bad
Give me a place
The guy says Afghanistan
I believe it's higher than Afghanistan in our country
Think of that
I believe, we'll check the numbers and if we're wrong, they will tell us tomorrow
It'll be headlines
Trump exaggerated
I do believe the rate is higher than Afghanistan, yet Democrats, and they've run it for many years, want to spend hundreds of billions of dollars on illegal migrants instead of supporting their own struggling communities
No good, no good
The conditions in Nancy Pelosi's once great city of San Francisco are deplorable
They're deplorable
Do you remember the word deplorable? Do you remember when Hillary used the deplorable? She used two words
She used deplorable and irredeemable, right? And only being a politician for a few years
I said what a terrible mistake that she used the word irredeemable, but it turned out to be deplorable
Deplorable was not a good day for Hillary
Crooked Hillary
She is a crooked one She's crooked
She is crooked
Nearly half of all the homeless people living in the streets in America happen to live in the state of California
What they are doing to our beautiful California is a disgrace to our country
It's a shame the world is looking at it
Look at Los Angeles, with the tents and the horrible, horrible, disgusting conditions
Look at San Francisco
Look at some of your other cities, and then you have a governor  You have a governor that invites the whole world to come into California
We'll pay for your healthcare
Then you wonder why so many people are coming up
They're coming up because we're the hottest economic country in the world, but they're also coming up because you have people like that governor say, Come on up
We'll give you healthcare
Come
Who wouldn't come up? Who wouldn't come up? How crazy is this? How crazy is this? Schools, healthcare
Today, I've a simple proposal for Democrat leaders to support legislation to end illegal migration, and we will use the vast savings to rebuild our inner cities
That's the way we should be doing it
That's what we should be doing
By the way, you know, they keep talking about,  Oh, the voters, the voters, the voters
They want all sorts of security
What about a thing called voter ID? Voter identification? Rob Portman, please work on that, Rob Portman
You have a great senator
Would you please start working on that? You see the response
Every place I go, Rob
Please, Rob
Voter ID
They give you everything they can give you except voter ID and the things that matter
Republicans believe that a nation must care for its own citizens first
Our pledge to America's workers has secured commitments to train more than 12 millions Americans for the jobs of tomorrow
You know who's working very hard on that? You probably never heard of her
Ivanka Trump
She's working very hard
She gave up a lot
She had a very easy life, but she loves doing it
She's got over, I think, now 12 million people
They're teaching them the great companies of our country, they're teaching people how to do it, and it's an incredible thing to watch
To give former prisoners a second chance at life, we passed groundbreaking criminal justice reform that nobody could've passed except us
President Obama tried, a lot of them tried, they couldn't get it passed
I got it passed with a lot of help from liberals and conservatives, and a lot of help
And, the biggest beneficiary is the African-American community
Biggest beneficiary
And, something which a lot of people don't talk about, but we doubled the child tax credit
Doubled it
Our tax plan also created nearly 9,000 opportunity zones, hottest thing going, providing massive new incentives for investment in job creation in distressed communities
Left together, I put out a six minute video detailing everything I found unacceptable about liberalism and the Democrat Party
Take your time
Take your time
Walk away
Doctor? Doctor in the house, please? Okay
Thank you very much
Thank you very much
Thank you
Thank you
Thank you, doctor
Thank you
Don't forget, it's a hundred degrees in here
That person's been standing there for almost a day if you think about it
A lot of you, so I appreciate it
And you know what? They'll come back
They'll get a little something and they'll come right back because there's never been anything like this
There's never been anything, right? Never been
Thank you
Incredible
We established more than 300 opportunity zones in Ohio alone, and these are really working out incredibly well
Nationwide, nearly eight million African-Americans live in opportunity zones, but every democrat voted against them
Every single democrat, because they vote as a block
It's the only thing they do good
They stick together
Their policies, no good
They're lousy politicians, but they stick together like glue
It's the only thing they have
That's the only thing they have going
Democrats deliver poverty for their constituents and privilege for themselves
Republicans deliver jobs, safety and opportunity for all Americans
We're thrilled to be joined tonight by many terrific Republican leaders, and we'll start off with a man who had a very, very tough race for governor
A lot of people choke
They choke like dogs
They can't breathe, aw
They can't breathe
This guy was running against a so-called star  So, that's two protestors, and tomorrow night the headline will be, Protesters, Protesters
You know what happened to the second one? He looked at the guy in front of him and he said, Ah, I'm out of here
Bye
That's the way it works, that's the way it works, I guess
Too bad
But, a man who really has done a fantastic job, he campaigned so hard, and this was a star right from the fields of the great Pocahontas whose now lying and cheating her way to the presidency, if possible
She's trying to win, remember? She defrauded people with her credentials
She said she was Indian, and I said that I have more Indian blood than she does, and I have none
I'm sorry
We drove her crazy
And, we drove her crazy
That's a good thing, not a bad thing
She went out and she had a blood test done, and it came out 1,024th
He said,  Somewhere back there, hundreds of years ago, there may have been an Indian
Or it may have been a statistical error because it was so small
Which, it was
Anyway, but the guy was from her group
You wouldn't be very happy right now, and we have a man that campaigned so hard, relentless
I came in, we did a rally where we had people like this
It was packed the day before the election and Mike DeWine won that election
-and Mike Dewine won that election and he won it easily
Mike Dewine
We have a man who's running for governor of Kentucky again
And he's done an incredible job
And did you ever hear, sometimes you could do such a good job that not everybody appreciates it? But they had a lot of problems with pensions and a lot of tremendous problems that a normal governor would never have been able to correct
But when you correct it, you make yourself a little bit less popular
But he had no choice and they had no choice
It's a great, great state and he has turned out to be a great, great governor
Matt Bevin
He's running in November, and because I like him so much, Matt get a nice big arena ready, we're going to do a rally for you
And a man who's fantastic son is here tonight who I just met, incredible
When I ran with him, he was down
I said, Rob Portman's down, and then about four weeks later he was up by like 24 points
I said, What the Hell did you do? And you know what he did? He does a great job
That's what he did
Senator Rob Portman
Great guy
And we have a few guys that, these are warriors
A couple of them you saw the other day, they were questioning Bob Mueller
That was a beauty
He was sharp, wasn't he?He was sharp as a tack and Steve Chabot and Brad Wenstrup, and Warren Davidson and Andy Barr and a man named Greg Pence who happens to be a brother of somebody I know very well
They have been with us through thick and thin, and it has been mostly really good times because what we've done, no other administration in the first two and a half years in history has done
Thank you fellas
Great job
A couple of them gave a grilling
They gave a grilling
All they had to do is mention the facts and it was over
And also the auditor of the great state of Ohio, a man whose job I made much easier because you have money pouring in
You have companies pouring in
Keith Faber
How is it Keith? The numbers are good, Keith
Numbers are good, right? Yeah
The numbers are good
Ohio Senate President, Larry Obhof
Larry, thank you
Great job
Nice tie
I like Larry's tie
And you have a couple of people that are very, very powerful
I hear that office and I shudder, Ohio Supreme Court justices, Sharon Kennedy and Judy French
Thank you
Please don't recuse yourself because I gave you a nice welcome, should I ever be before you
I love judges
When they see you for about two seconds and then you say, oh, that judge should be fair
And then they say, I'd like to recuse myself because 29 years ago I met Donald Trump
I'd never have been in We've been doing very well in the courts, by the way
Have you seen? We've been winning a lot of cases, a lot of cases
We really have
 179
Percentage wise, it's the second most
We will never be number one
Sadly we'll never be number one
So percentage wise, nobody's ever seen anything like it
And that's because President Obama basically was not able for about three years to get his people in, which is a shame
And I came in, I had 148 openings
You're supposed to have none
I said, How many do we have? 148
And I said, You got to be kidding
And we've all done a good job together
It's been amazing, with Mitch and you and everybody
It's been amazing
So we're going to be up to, within two months, 179 federal judges
That's in two and a half years
And what else? Two great Supreme Court judges
Great ones
There's only one person
I think most of you must know this
Who percentage wise has done better than me with judges? Tell me
I'll give you a hint? He appointed 100% of the federal judges and 100% of the United States Supreme Court
George Washington
That's one record we're not going to beat
But I appointed many more than him, so let's take it that way
Many anymore
I also want to introduce a friend of mine who's done an incredible job
She's really something, she has been incredible as a leader of the GOP
She's the chair and she's my friend Jane Timken
And aman Bob Paduchik
You know Bob Paduchik? So Bob, I had to pick campaign manager in Ohio and I kept hearing from the media, You must win the state of Ohio
I heard this over and over for like a year and a half
You must win Ohio
You must win
So I had to pick a campaign manager and I picked a man named Bob Paduchik
And no matter what happened, no matter how badly we were doing, he said, Sir, you're going to win Ohio easily
I said, But Bob, we just lost the head of the GOP in Ohio
He left because you have a certain governor that asked him to leave
Great support from the governor, a different governor than Mike by the way, slightly
So he had to get out
So I said, We just lost
And Bob said, Don't worry about it, sir
You're going to win
In fact, I think you just went up
Then we lost a couple of other people
I'd call him
I say, Bob, I'm worried about Ohio
Very worried
He said, Don't worry about it, sir
I think he just went up
He kept saying, You just went up
I said to somebody, I don't know much about this guy, but boy, he's the most optimistic person I've ever met
True
He said, Don't worry
We ended up winning Ohio by close to nine points, which is unheard of
He was right
Bob Paduchik
Bob
And also here tonight, I don't know, did he do a good job? My son, Donald Jr
and Kimberly
I hope he did a good job
Good, I heard you did
I heard you did a great job
He's been a great help
They both have
Thank you very much
Thank you, Kimberly
Thank you very much
Our shared Republican agenda is pro worker pro jobs, pro family pro growth and 100% pro American
We've eliminated a record number of job killing regulations, giving the average American household $3,000 more to spend every single year
The previous administration tried to shut down American energy and close up, totally, close it up
American clean, beautiful coal
That's what they did
That didn't work out too well, but you had a suffer
It didn't work out well, but get a suffer for a long time until I came along
You're not suffering any longer
The previous administration, they liked to windmills
If a windmill is within two miles of your house, your house is practically worthless
They make noise, they're intermittent
They kill your birds
They break down all the time
You have to replace them every 10 years because they wear out, and they cost a fortune and they need subsidy
Other than that, they're quite good
You don't want one of those windmills within vision
You hear them, they're noisy
They've got a lot of problems
No, we're going to say with the great energy that's powering our businesses, that's creating so many jobs
And solar, you know what? We'll live with solar, but solar is peanuts by comparison to what you need
But we're going to stay the way we have it
We've ended the war on American energy and we're putting our coal miners back to work and our steelworkers back to work, and our auto companies back to work
We've learned over the last three years the incredible gold that were sitting on top of in this country
We're very lucky
We're now the largest energy producer in the entire world, bigger than Soviet Union, formerly
Remember the Soviet Union when it was all together
The Soviet Union, when it was all together before they decided we got to call ourselves Russia
When it was all together, they wanted to be, that was always their dream to be the biggest in the world
Then it became Russia and you know what? They've done a good job with energy and so has Saudi Arabia done a good job with energy
But we're now bigger than Russia
We are now bigger than Saudi Arabia by far
I withdraw our country from the job killing and very expensive Paris Climate Accord
Last year coal export were up 92% compared to 2016
92%, do you believe that? You're shipping it all over the world
To Vietnam
I was in Vietnam and they said, We get coal from Ohio
We get coal from West Virginia
It's the finest coal in the world
We've created more than 110,000 new mining jobs, and thanks to states like Ohio the United States is now the number one producer of oil, the number one producer of natural gas, the number one everything having to do with energy
Number one
Anywhere in the world
We're reversing decades of calamitous trade policies that led other countries to pillage our jobs, plunder our factories, and devastate Ohio communities and communities in every state
The era of economic surrender is over, and when you look at what they've done to your jobs over a period of time, NAFTA was one of the worst deals ever made and probably the worst deal
You still have empty buildings, empty factories, but now they're getting filled up pretty fast or being knocked down for brand new ones
We have hundreds of new companies pouring into the United States
My first week in office, I withdrew the United States from one of the last administration's worst sellouts
It would have destroyed our automobile industry
It would have destroyed manufacturing in this country, and maybe that's what President Obama meant when he said, you can't produce manufacturing jobs anymore in the United States, because he would've signed Trans Pacific Partnership and he would've been right
I killed it
And by the way, TPP, Trans Pacific Partnership would have destroyed the automobile industry in this country already
Already the shipped down 30% of your jobs to Mexico
Under the new USMCA
That's Mexico and Canada
We've got to get them to vote on that because that's an incredible deal
But under the new It's going to be very hard for companies to leave you, to fire you, to go down to make their product, whatever it may be, to send it back into the United States with no tax
All we end up with this unemployment and taxes and empty buildings
So they got to vote, on the USMCA
Before I took office, foreign countries ripped us off, robbed us blind, and pushed us around, but America is not being pushed around anymore
Do you realize that? I got that from working in Ohio for two summers
We've taken the toughest ever action to stand up to China's trade abuse, and I just announced another 10% tariff on $300 billion worth of Chinese products that come into our country
And that's on top of the 25% that we take off $250 billion coming in from China, and don't let them tell you, the fact is China devalues their currency
They pour money into their system, they pour it in, and because they do that, you're not paying for those tariffs
China's paying for those tariffs
For the last 20 years, China's taken hundreds and hundreds of billions of dollars out of our country, and now we're stopping the theft of American jobs
We're stopping the theft of so many other things happening, including intellectual property
They steal our intellectual property
I think they want to try and make a deal with us, but I'm not sure, because the word is, I feel they want to wait until they get They're praying
They're praying
They would like to see a new president in a year and a half so they could continue to rip off the United States like they've been doing for the last 25 years
Would love to see a guy like sleepy Joe Biden who has no clue what the hell he's doing
They say to sleepy Joe
Sir, Just sign right there
Oh, okay
I'll sign
We'll be losing hundreds of billions of dollars a year to China
It has to stop but they understand that
President Xi is good man
He's a friend of mine
He understands it
And until such time as there is a deal, we will be taxing the hell out of China
That's all there
 make your product in America
Come on back to the United States
Come on back to Ohio
There's no tariff
There's no tariff
Thanks to steel tariffs, hundreds of thousands of tons, think of this, were dumped on our shores, and steel is like something else
It's that quality
They were dumping garbage, they call it sand steel, they call it dirt steel

It was mixed up
It was bad stuff and we didn't want to use that for our jet fighters and for our beams that hold up building
But they were dumping tremendous quantities of steel, and what was happening is United States steel and all of our companies were going virtually out of business and I stopped it
I put on a 25% tariff, billions of dollars is now pouring into our treasury and our steel companies and our steel workers are coming back
Right here in Ohio
Nucor a great steel company, and a steel company that's doing great again, Nucor, has announced an $85 million upgrade in Marion
Charter Steel announced plans to build a new $150 million steel mill in Cuyahoga Heights, and Cleveland Cliffs announced a new $700 million plant in a very good place that I like a lot, Toledo
Toledo, Ohio
This was unthinkable because four years ago, steel plans were closing
They weren't expanding or they weren't building
We're building new plants in Florida, North Carolina, South Carolina, all over
Not Just Ohio
On issue after issue, Democrats have forgotten who it is that they're supposed to represent
They forgot
I wonder why they forgot
The job of elected officials is to represent American citizens, the radical Democrats even support deadly sanctuary cities which release dangerous criminals onto our streets
Sanctuary cities
Many of the places that have sanctuary cities and many of the people that live there, they don't want them
They don't want them
They're dangerous and not good
Here are just a few examples
In San Francisco, an illegal alien was arrested no fewer than 10 times in the span of less than one year for numerous counts of burglary and theft
Yet each time San Francisco defied federal authorities and set him free and bad things happened when they set him free
A sanctuary jurisdiction in California recently released a criminal alien from jail
The very next month, the same individual was arrested for rape and then beyond anything you would even believe, a horrible thing happened
But yet again, he was released back into your community
After sanctuary city in New Jersey released an alien charged with domestic violence, he was arrested in Missouri for the murders of three people
In the bizarre worldview of the third and hard left, they have no problem destroying the lives of innocent Americans for a single politically incorrect thought
But they want to virtually, and you know this, they want virtual immunity for illegal aliens who have committed horrible crimes and murder
Horrible crimes and murder
Republicans believe our cities should be a sanctuary for law abiding Americans, not criminal aliens
And yes just won a big lawsuit last week
In fact, on of my lawyers for winning that lawsuit is here tonight
I gave him a little reprieve
We need a lot of lawyers in the White House
We get sued so much, so unfairly, but we're winning those lawsuits left and right, but one of them is here
He said, I'd love to go to a rally
I said,  I'm going to a place called Cincinnati, Ohio
You deserve it
We just won the lawsuit on the wall
Where's Pat? We just won the lawsuit on the wall
You hear that? We're building the wall faster and better than ever
It's time for Democrats to end sanctuary cities and catch and release
You know what you do? You catch them and then you release them and you say, Would you please report back in four years from now
But only 2% come back
You know why? Because they're not the smartest
They are not the smartest
They're the ones we don't want to have come back
Only 2% show up
Catch and release, we could end it immediately if the Democrats caved
So what we're doing is something else
We're keeping them out altogether
We're replacing random migraines and we're replacing the lottery system
How about the lottery system? How about lotteries? This was chuck Schumer
You put the name in a basket
The country puts the name in a basket and you picked people out of the lottery
Well, let's see
This one's a murderer
This one robbed four banks
This one, I better not say
This one, another murder
Ladies and gentlemen, another murderer
Think of this
Do you think they're going to put great citizens they have great citizens, they have great people like we have great people
Do you think those people are going into a lottery? No
And then we get these people coming in and we hold it against the country
The country isn't based on that, the country, you just take a look, look at the people they put into these lotteries
It's a disgrace
And how we've done this for so many years folks, how we've done this
It's an immigration system that's totally broken and we're going to win the House, we're going to win the Senate, we're going to win the presidency and we're going to do a merit based immigration system
Merit based
Merit based immigration
And we need that because we have companies coming in from all over the world and we need good workers
We need good people
We're down to 3
5% unemployment
We need people, but we want people to come in based on merit, not based on some lottery put in by a governor
Democrats have never been farther outside the mainstream
Liberal politicians want to eliminate private- Dream
Liberal politicians want to eliminate private healthcare and force everyone onto the government plan
Remember the lies from the previous administration
If you like your plan, you can keep your plan
If you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor
28 time, one lie after another
28 times it was said and it turned out to be a total lie
My administration is defending your right to choose the plan and doctor that is best for you
We're offering right now plans up to 60% cheaper than Obamacare and we will always protect patients with pre existing conditions
Always
Always
Virtually every top Democrat also now supports late term abortion
And then you'll have like a governor of Virginia, it's not only late term abortion, it's killing the baby after the baby is born
How about that? Think of that
Think of that
That's why I've asked Congress to prohibit extreme late term abortion because Republicans believe that every child is a sacred gift from God
Democrats are now the party of high taxes, high crime, open borders, late term abortion, and they're the party, frankly, of socialism
The Republican Party is the party of freedom
We're the party of the American worker, the American family
We're the party of the American dream
I'm fighting for you each and every day
I had a great life
I used to get great publicity
Nobody got better I had such a great life
It was so easy
My great wife, the first lady, Melania, she said, You know, you've always been a hard worker
You love to work, but your life was a lot easier in the old days
But I love it and you know why I love it? Because we're accomplishing so much
Nobody ever thought it would be possible to do the things we're doing
Even a thing like Right to Try, right? Right to Try
They've been trying to get that for years and years and years
That's people that are really sick, terminally ill
They couldn't get medicine
We have the greatest doctors, the greatest clinics, the greatest technicians in the world
They couldn't get anything
They'd traveled to Asia if they had money
They traveled to Europe
They'd travel all over the world hoping for a cure
If they had no money they'd just go home
They'd die
They had no hope
For 44 years, they've been trying to get Right to Try
We are so advanced in medicine
We have a lot of things that probably work or possibly work, but we weren't allowed legally to give that to these people that were so sick
You know why? Because they didn't want this drug if it didn't work to hurt the people, but the people were terminally ill
So I got it approved and it wasn't easy
It was complicated
The insurance companies didn't want to do it
The government didn't want to do it
The doctors didn't want to do it
Tremendous liability
But our country didn't want to do it
They said, Well, if it doesn't work, we're going to get sued
I say, So they'll sign an agreement, very strong, one page, taking all liability away from the United States, from the drug companies, from the doctors, all liability
They're terminally ill
Let's try it
And you know what? It's been a miracle
So many people have done so well
It's great
We got it done
When I set about the agreement, they had these great lawyers and they said, Gee, that's a good idea
They'd been working in this few years
They said, That's a good idea
I said, Yeah, it's a good idea
How about getting you to me like in about two hours? Right to Try
It's a great thing
But we have so many things like that
I have lists that you wouldn't even believe
I have lists that go on for pages of things we've done
We've launched a historic initiative to reduce the price of prescription drugs, including a plan to allow companies to import lower cost drugs from other countries
It's a very unfair system
Our country pays the highest prices in the world
Last year was the first time in 51 years that drug pricing for prescription drugs actually came down
Now we're going to bring it down by a lot
We're going to bring it down a lot
And now So other countries Here's an example, Canada pays half the price for a lot of drugs that we do
So we have a great governor in the state of Florida, Ron DeSantis, calls me up
Doing a great job
Ron DeSantis
He was at three and he went to 70
that's a pretty good increase, right? Ron DeSantis, a great governor
And he comes to me, he goes, You know, if you buy the drugs, if we buy the drugs, because this is so botched up, we have a middleman
It's not a good situation
He said, If I could go and buy the drugs from Canada, I could save 50%
I said, Do it
Do it
And if you can buy them from Europe, because their system Like, remember I used to scream when I was winning states and not getting the delegates that I was entitled to and I'd say the system is rigged? Well, the drug system is rigged
It's rigged
So if we can buy the same drug made by the same pharmaceutical company from Europe or from Canada or from other places at a big deep discount, we're doing it and we're giving them the right to do it
Just happened today
And we're doing one other thing that, believe it or not is even bigger, but you'll be seeing that over the next two weeks
With the help of your great Senator, Rob Portman, we've taken bold action to confront the opioid epidemic and in Ohio, drug overdose deaths went down 22% last year, 22%
No, but think of that
Opioid, big problem, big problem
Deaths went down
Opioid deaths, 22%
Nobody writes that
Nobody talks about that
They don't want to talk about that
Good job, Rob
Good job
Good job, Mike
We passed VA Choice and VA Accountability on behalf of our great veterans
They been trying to pass VA Choice for four decades
They couldn't get it done
We got it done
We got it done
This is where a veteran would stand online for three, four, five, six days, for three weeks, for five weeks
Sometimes they're okay
By the time they see a doctor, they're terminally ill
And I said, You know, I have a great idea
Because I not been doing that this long
You know, we've been working with this for I've been thinking about it a lot
This was during the campaign
What a campaign that was, right? Was that a campaign or what? And I came back to my people
I had experts and I said, I have a great idea
These lines for the veterans are too long
It takes them three, four weeks sometimes to see a doctor
I have a great idea
Let's let them go outside
Go to a private doctor
We'll pay the bill
They'll be fixed up all perfect and they can do it immediately
We'll pay the bill
And I thought I said, Man, am I smart? I am the smartest guy to think of that
So I went before this panel of experts that were with me working on things and I said, How do you like that idea? And they said, Sir, we've known about it for about 40 years, but we've never been I said, Really? You've known about it that long? But here's the thing
We got it done
Nobody else could get it done
Nobody else
And Accountability
You couldn't fire anybody
If they were treating our vets badly, you couldn't fire them for anything
People could steal
They could be sadistic to our vets
By the way, they wouldn't have done that in primetime to our vets
I can tell you that
They can be whatever they want
You couldn't fire them
And it was because of unions and it was because of other things
Civil Service
Very tough
You couldn't fire anybody for almost anything
We had cases where people got They got caught stealing a lot of money and you couldn't fire them
We got VA Accountability
Now we say, Jim, get the hell out of here
You're fired
We're rebuilding our military
And after years of budget cuts and layoffs, the army tank plant in Do you Lima? You call it Lima, right? See? You know, most people call it Lima, but I know Lima
But you know why? Because I came here and they said, We're closing this plant
I said, What kind of a plant is it? Remember when I was here? In Lima
And I used to say, You mean Lima? They said, No, sir
It's Lima
That's why Because, but Leah, hey look, I'll be honest with you because they have it wrong with the teleprompter, okay? And I would have been in big trouble
But the good news is I don't use the teleprompter too much
If I did, you would've been out of here a long time ago because it gets very boring when you do the teleprompter deal
But in Lima, and I said, What kind of a plant? And I said, Let's go see it
During the campaign I went to see it and they make the incredible, the best army tank in the world and I couldn't believe the complexity, the genius
I said, Wait a minute
You close this, you'll never be able to open it again
You can't open this
This isn't like a normal situation that you can open four walls and a roof
This is complicated
This is genius and you'll never replace these men and women that work here
I said And I didn't know anything at the time other than I said, You're not closing it
They took it off to list
They kept it open and now we're making army tanks around the clock
We're investing in the future of human space flight
Americans won the race to the moon and we will now win the race to Mars
It's going to be amazing
And you know, one thing I have to say also, and we're also winning the race to great, great strategic defense and offense, not just Mars
And Mike Pence is doing a great job on that
Great job
To protect America's security, I withdrew the United States from the horrible Iran nuclear deal, a horrible, stupid deal
We gave Iran $150 billion
We gave Iran $ 1
8 billion in cash
Plane loads of cash
I wonder what they saw when those planes landed
I wonder what happened to the cash? Can you believe it? One $1
8 billion we gave them in cash
And remember what I said, Iran is a much different country than two and a half years ago
When I took over, Iran was all over
They had 14 to 18 different sites of confliction
They were all over
And now they just want to They want a negotiated deal so badly
Iran
Iran
I recognized Israel's true capital and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem
And just a few months ago, we recognized the Golan Heights
You know that
That's another one
Big one for the security of Israel
Also recognized the legitimate government of Venezuelan and we condemn any of the socialist brutality taking place
Let's see what happens there
Let's see what happens
Tonight we renew our resolves that America will never be a socialist country
Never, ever, ever will it be a socialist country
No matter what label they use, a vote for any Democrat in 2020 is a vote for the rise of radical socialism and the destruction of our great, our beautiful, our wonderful American dream
We're not going to let our country ever go down the route of socialism
You must never forget that the 2020 election is about one thing
It's about you
I say it again
I say it all the time
Never happened before
There's never been a movement like this
They've had movements
They never went They won a state
They did well in the state
We won 32 states
There's never been anything like it
There's never been anything like it
But this movement is about your family and your future, and it's about the life and the fate of your country
We begin our Hey, look, this is a good place
Is this a great thing to do? We begin our campaign and we're going to do great, Bob
Right, Bob? Bob, if we don't do great, you're fired, Bob
You're fired
But think of it, our Ohio campaign with the best record, the best results, the best agenda, and the only positive vision for our nation's future
And again, remember this, Ohio is doing better today than it's ever, ever, ever done before
It's the best it's ever done
What's going to do A guy like a sleepy Joe Biden is going to come in and say, But I could do better
I could do better
He wants to go back to sleep
Together we will continue unleashing the power of American enterprise so every American can reach their fullest and highest potential, tremendous potential
Our country has such tremendous potential
You know, we've had The last week, we've had the highest stock market in the history of our country
That means 401ks
That means job
But there's tremendous potential to go up
We have tremendous potential to go up
With your help, we will elect a Republican Congress to create a safe, modern, fair, and lawful system of immigration
We will enact trade deals that ensure more products are proudly stamped with those four beautiful words Made in the USA or Made in America
Either one
You can use either one
Made in America, made in the US
We will achieve new breakthroughs in science and medicine and I see what they're doing
I see it
They show me the things we're doing in our country today
There's never been anything like it
We will be ending the AIDS epidemic shortly in America and curing childhood cancer very shortly
We will defend privacy, free speech, religious liberty, and the right to keep and bear arms
Just remember with the Democrats, there is no second amendment
You can forget about keep and bear arms
You can forget it
Above all, we will never stop fighting for the values that bind us together as one America
We will never ever stop fighting
We support, protect and defend the constitution of the United States
We stand with our incredible heroes of law enforcement
We believe in the dignity of work and we believe in the sanctity of life
And we believe that faith and family, not government and bureaucracy, are the true American way
We believe that children should be taught to love our country, honor our history, and always be proud, patriotic Americans
And we will always live by the words of our national motto, In God We trust
Two days ago, I spoke at the 400th anniversary of the first representative legislature assembly at Jamestown, Virginia
It was beautiful
It was incredible
I was I must tell you, I was reminded of so many great things in our country
We have been blessed with such a remarkable and priceless heritage
We are the greatest republic on the face of the earth and we are going to keep it that way
Every day of my presidency, we will never forget that we are Americans and the future belongs to us
The future belongs to all of you
The future belongs to the greatest movement in the history of our country
And with your help and your devotion and your drive, we are going to keep on working
We are going to keep on fighting and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning
We are one people in one family saluting one great American flag
We all share the same home
We all share the same heart
And we all share the same love of Almighty God
Together, with the great and proud people of Ohio, we are making America wealthy again
We are making America strong again
We are making America safe again
We are making America great again and with your vote in 2020 we will keep America great
Thank you, Ohio
Thank you

Hello Colorado
We love Colorado, most beautiful place And I'm thrilled to be back in Colorado Springs
I've spent a lot of time here over the years
Beautiful place, beneath the majestic peaks, that's true, of the Rocky Mountains with thousands of terrific, hardworking, great American patriots
With your help this November, we are going to defeat the radical Democrats and we are going to win Colorado in a landslide
And you're going to help us get Cory Gardner across that line because he's been with us 100%
there was no waiver
He's been with us
There was no waiver with Corey
We appreciate it
Thank you Corey
Thank you
This month we mark a very special anniversary
75 years ago this week our brave United States Marines landed on the shores of Iwo Jima and began one of the bloodiest battles of the second world war
It was a rough one
Tonight it's our great privilege to be joined by three of the heroes of the Battle of Iwo Jima, James Blaine, Donald Whipple and John Thurman
Great, great patriots, very brave people
Just passed away
Sadly he passed away just a few days ago
He was going to be here
Passed away a few days ago, but he was great
I have a beautiful picture of him right outside and we're going to honor him and his family
Great, great gentlemen
So we were going to have four
We have three and we want to thank you for being here
Thank you all
Thank you
Because America is truly a land of heroes, on behalf of the grateful nation I would like to recognize the many veterans of the Vietnam War and the Iraq and Afghanistan Wars who are here this evening, and a lot of them
Great people, great people
This is a truly incredible time for America
We have the best economy in our history, the most prosperity of any country
We are doing better than any country in the world, that is not even close
And we've rebuilt our military over the last three years
Don't tell anybody, but we spent two and a half trillion dollars
But when it comes to our military and our safety and our security, we don't worry about budgets, right? We don't worry about budgets
We had to rebuild it
It was depleted
It was in bad shape
It was old, it was tired
We have the best people in the world, but they had old equipment
Now we have brand new jets
We have brand new missiles and rockets
We have everything all made in the USA
In my State of the Union Address, I proudly declared that we are in the midst of the great American comeback
That's what we're doing
Our country is stronger today than ever before
After three years of ridiculous witch hunts and scams and partisan Democrat crusades, the radical left's attempt to poison our democracy and overturn this last election have totally failed
They have been a complete flop and we today have the highest poll numbers we've ever had today, just came out
And I don't know if anybody watched last night's debate, it got very big ratings and you know what? Mini Mike didn't do well last night
I was going to send him a note saying it's not easy doing what I do, is it? It's not easy, Mike
Not easy for any of them
Now, Mike didn't do too well
He went way down
It's all right
Mini mike
How about Klobuchar, did you see her? She choked
She choked
She couldn't breathe
Alfred E
Neuman looked at her and said something slightly derogatory and she said, Are you accusing me of being dumb? Who would make a statement like that? Because that's really what he was doing, but he doesn't want to say that
No, how about that? Are you saying I'm dumb? That was the end of her campaign in my book
You don't say that
Even if it's true, you don't say that
They had a crazy person on today on one of the Fox shows
I tell you, Fox doesn't treat us the way they used to
But we have the great Sean Hannity, we do, and we have Laura and Tucker
And we have in the morning Fox and Friends, Steve and Ainsley, and Brian's gotten much better, he's moving up
And we have the great Lou Dobbs
Lou Dobbs says he's the greatest president ever
The great Lou Dobbs
He says, Lou Dobbs a year and a half, two years ago he said, He's the greatest since Reagan
Then he said about six months ago, He's better than Reagan
And then he said a few nights ago, He's the greatest we've ever had
I said, Does that include Lincoln and George Washington? He said, That includes them all
That's Lou Dobbs
The great Lou Dobbs
And you've got Hegseth and you've got Jesse Waters
How about Jesse? And Judge Jeanine and even Greg Gutfeld
Greg hated us, right? But now he says, Look, whether I like him or not, he gets it done
It's all about getting it done
We're getting it done
Nobody's ever done what we've done
No, but Fox says, and I don't know, it's different
It was different
In the old days, it was better for us
It was better for us
But it's okay, we'll win anyway
No, but they had this woman on
Neil Cavuto, doesn't treat us good
Neil Cavuto, he's not too good
She said, I don't like him
Nobody likes him
Right now So you had, remember Lest in The Readies? You remember who was Lest in The Readies? He got fired, right? You remember, right? Remember? He's gone and now Neil's taking his place
Neil is actually a nice guy, but he doesn't like Trump too much
And he put this woman on today and she said, Donald Trump didn't do well in the debates and he won, because she was referring to Mike Bloomberg, sometimes referred to as Mini Mike
And I said, Wait a minute, I won every debate
It's true
And we sent them polls, poll after poll after poll
Not only won them, but won by a lot
I won every debate
I'm just saying every poll, they do those polls right after, three, four, 500,000 people, Time Magazine
I said, Nobody's allowed to do that
You can't do that
We're at enough of a disadvantage with the fake news
They make up 90% of the story
So where is Dan Scavino? Where is Scavino? Does anyone know who Dan Scavino is? Dan, bring me those pages up here
Bring those pages up
See if you can get them
Go get them
It's such fake news
It's so disgusting
You know what? They'd do better if they told the truth
Do you agree? They'd do better
Oh, someday in 10, 14, 18, 22 years when I'm gone, when we leave office in 26 years or so, they're going to miss us
I told the story that a month before I ran, 2016 I was thinking about it
I said to my wife, who has become a great First Lady
People love here
They said it's one of the greatest fields ever assembled
And I said, What the hell should I run for if they are so great? But I remember holding up the New York Times and it was like a leaflet that you give a certain, a supermarket, right? It's like, the thing was blowing in the wind
It was dead and now it's successful again
But when we leave, it's all of us
We leave together
We're unified
This is the most unified the Republican party has ever been
And when we leave, the New York Times Thank you
The great Dan Scavino, the most powerful man in politics
Hey Dan
So Zuckerberg left
Who is number one in the world on Facebook? And I'm saying this in front of the fake news because if I'm wrong, they're going to report me, right? Who is number one in the world on Facebook? He walked in, but that's us
He walked in for We had dinner recently just because I want them to pay taxes
I want to find out what's going on
But he walked in, he's smart, and he said, I just want to congratulate you
Small dinner, a few people
He said, You're number one in the world in Facebook
I said, That's nice
I said, Who's number two? He said, Prime minister Modi of India
I said, Wait a minute, wait a minute
He's got 1
5 billion people and we have 350 so he should be number one
But we're never going to give up that position of number one in the world for our country, for Facebook, for Twitter, for anything, and they still haven't figured it out
They have not figured it out
But look at all that press
Look at all that press
Did this ever happen before? And then you have Brad Pitt
I was never a big fan of his
He got upset
A little wise guy statement
A little wise guy
He's a little wise guy
Anyway, but we're doing what? Over here, I just showed this real quick
Right? So this horrible journalist, she's a real, she's a Trump hater
You know what she's worth? Zero ratings
Nobody watches her, but she said she was trying to Look, Bloomberg made a fool out of himself last night
He choked
He's another one who's going,  Oh I can't breathe
I can't breathe
Don't ask me the question, please
I look at my wife, I said, Let's send him a little note
It's not so easy up there to do what I did, right? Not so easy
But this woman who is a third rate, fourth rate, she's been with everybody
Every year she's with a different group, but I won't use her name because it'll make her too famous
It actually plays to their advantage
But she's third rate and she's on the lowest rated show at Fox, Neil Cavuto
That's why
So she said, Donald Trump didn't get good ratings
He didn't do well in the polls
She said, He didn't do well on the debates
She said that we were defeated in the debates
Well I defeated crooked Hillary every time and by a lot
Yeah, she's crooked as a $3 bill
I was going, Whatever happened to the 33,000 emails? Whatever happened? 33,000, she deleted them and her acid washed them and she didn't get in trouble
Can you imagine if a Republican did that? They would want to bring back the death penalty, right? Two standards
But I think things are happening
I said drain the swamp, I just never knew how deep it was
We have more garbage in the swamp than you would ever believe
And this is part of the swamp
So what happens? She said, Donald Trump didn't do well in the debates
Now remember my answer, Rosie O'Donnell, right? First question I've ever, and we took down the house
Then the second, Brett Barry asked me, I had to raise the hand
I'm the only one, I guess that raised the hand
Right? And the place went crazy because I was the only one telling the truth
Okay? Turns out I was the only one telling And the people get it
But she said I didn't do well on the bench
I said, Really? I won every single debate
We had 15 to 14 debates, then we had the presidential debates with crooked Hillary against myself
So here's one
I don't want to I'm a little guilty because these are all my friends, right? A lot of them are my friends now
They weren't my friends then, they were my mortal enemy
It's hard to be friends when you're competing against somebody
You're right about that
So here's Donald Trump, 67
The next one was 13%
the next one was 5%, 4%, 3%, 2%, 2%, 2%, 1%, 1%, and 0
All right, that's Time Magazine
All right, that's Time
They don't like me
I don't like them either, by the way
Although actually I do like the new owner
This year I got beaten out by Gretta
You know Gretta? Last year I got beaten out I mean, I've won it
But when the world evolves around all of us, we should be chosen
There's nothing wrong with it, right? I mean, we've won it, but we should win it every single year, let's face it
And now they call it person of the year
They don't go out man of the year
And I know the women out there are saying, Isn't that nice? But a lot of the women out there don't like it
They don't like it
We could have a woman of the year and a man of the year
I like that
Okay, here's Drudge Report
Drudge is starting to treat me good again
He started to like me again
I like him
Look, Trump and Ted Cruz, I can say he came in second
He was a great debater
And Marco came in third and a guy who I don't like much and they don't like him much in Ohio either, Kasich
Kasich
He was way down
Way down
Okay, look who won? Trump
Here's another one
Look again, a different one, Time Magazine
Trump, 33%
Ben Carson, good man, he was down
Marco, Jed, Ted
Carly Fiorina, a name I haven't heard in a long time
What happened to Carly? And ran, good poll
Here's the story
Look, but way up
Way up
Look at this
Here's another one
Look at this
Trump 46%
I didn't make this up
Here's another one
This is a different debate
I don't know
They're all different
I won every one of them
Look, Trump, I just took these at random, 46%
second, 5%, 3%, 5%, 3%, 9%, 5%, 11%
Trump, 46%
Here's another one, CNBC
Well, the market's been up
They've actually been not so bad and Joe Kiernan is a good guy
He is a good guy
Some of the rest, I don't care for it too much
Becky's like, she plays it a little bit down in the middle, right? Which is okay
Trump, almost 50%
Then they have all the rest of them
14, 4, 3, 2, 2
8, 2
54, 1
9, I'm not going to give you the names
I won't tell you that I got 48
8 and Jeb Bush got 1
1
The rest I'm not going to talk about, but he hasn't been exactly a great supporter, sort of a never Trumper I guess
So Jeb, 1
9, 1
1, and Trump 48
That's another one
Oh, here's a nice one
Here's a nice one
Look at this
Look at this
Trump 70%, next one is 18%, next one is 7, 4, 3, 3, 3, 2, 1, 1, 1
Trump didn't do well in the debate
See, they're fake news
Here's another one, Trump Kicked Ass
Trump Kicked Ass
Trump 48, number two was six
Here's another one
Trump 75
6, crooked Hillary was 24%
This was against crooked Hillary
So look at that
Trump was 74
6, crooked Hillary Clinton was 24
1
Trump was 80%, crooked Hillary was 18%
And I've got this woman
You know who it is, right? Nobody knows the name
I'm not going to mention it
But everybody knows Neil Cavuto
She has no credibility and neither do you, Neil Cavuto
Here's another one
Crooked Hillary, and by the way, one is a Fox poll, one is Breitbart, one is a Drudge report
One is a Patch, one is Syracuse
com, one is Pollack Opinion, Alyssa Goodwin
But look at these numbers
Trump 92
What is it? So I'm winning every poll, I beat crooked Hillary
Here's the one, Trump 61, crooked Hillary 39
Okay? That's what it is
And then I turn on the damn show on Fox
Again, it's not the same
It was much better
It really was
It was much better
I turn on Fox and I've got this third rate political journalist, if you call her that saying, Trump did very poorly in the debates, but he became president
No, I did great in the debates
I became president because of the debates, because unlike Mini Mike, I could answer questions
And here's the final one and I could get you another 15
These are all the ones that taken right after
People call in, hundreds of thousands of people, they call in Time Magazine, CNBC
So here's a CNBC, crooked Hillary Clinton, 39%
Donald Trump, 61%
and then this stupid person said I didn't debate well
Now look, I don't mind and you can have bad debates, but I won every single debate
Listened to this, then three and a half, four years later I have to listen to a person saying how we didn't do well, because these people are among the most dishonest people anywhere in the world
Take it
Take it
Here it is
Okay, let's get back to business
Now I feel good
Now I feel good
She's a third rate journalist
Let's go
We're standing up in defense of our constitution, our freedom and democracy itself, right? While the extreme left has been wasting America's time and doing all sorts of vial hoaxes, we went through hoaxes
We went through the impeachment scam
And by the way, Corey was with us all the way
He didn't move
He didn't budge
He said it's a lot of bull
He said it's a lot of bull
But while they're doing that stuff and we're working with a cloud, we're working with these people
They want to take you out
They want to change the results
They got caught spying, let's say it like it is, right? They got caught spying on our election
Fake news
Hey fake news, take your cameras for a change and show them the room and show them behind you
Go ahead, show them the room
Show them the room
You see, they never do it, including Fox, by the way
Fox is not that much better
We just got lucky because we have some All their high rated shows are the shows that like Trump, all their losers shows like Cavuto are the shows that don't like Trump
How is Shep Smith doing lately, by the way? How is Shep Smith? He had the lowest ratings and now Cavuto took his place so that's okay
But they never show the room
My wife, a great First Lady, she goes I say, Hi honey
Did you watch the debate? Yeah
How did the room look? Was that because last night I think we turned away 21,000 people
We had an arena that it held 12, but we fill up the basketball courts, right? Or the ice rink
We had to have 15, 16,000 people
It was on fire
You all saw it
It was great
And she said to me, she said, Darling, how did you do? I said, I did great
I said, Did you see the arena? And she said, No, they never show the arena
You know that guy Dana White at UFC? I won't tell you about him yet, but he's a brilliant guy, right? I mean, he sold his crazy fighters, I mean bomb bomb bomb
$4 billion he got with Fertittas, great people
But you know what? They're always showing it's full
It's full
These fakers back there, they don't want people
But I'll tell you what my wife said, They don't show it, but you can't imitate 15,000 people when it comes to the noise
Look, they won't show it
They never show it and we've never had an empty seat from the day I came down the escalator, not one
What these guys do if Mr
And Mrs
Jones sitting right up there, beautiful couple
If she said, Darling, I'm sorry, there's nothing I can do about it, darling
I have to go to the bathroom
He said, Darling, I'll walk with you
The cameras glong on to those seats, they glong on and they say, There were two empty seats
Trump didn't fill up the room
These are the worst people
But when I told them to spin around those cameras, they stayed that way
Now, if we had a protestor somewhere in the arena, it could be up in that corner where it's loaded up with people, those cameras that can do, they look like a pretzel
They look like a pretzel
They want to find it
There's trouble, those same guys could, it could cover anything
I used to think, well it's the equipment, it's very rigid
They can't turn it
And then some idiot from up in the corner starts screaming stupid stuff, because that's dangerous in this room, to be honest
We don't have it too much
They only pick on the guys that are all by themselves and aren't fighters
But if somebody up there does something, those cameras turn around, spin around like a pretzel
They bend, boom, they get
So that was the end of my theory that we have rigid equipment
And by the way, I told them, turn around, not one of those cameras turned around to show the room because it's fake news
While the extreme left has been wasting America's time with vial hoaxes, we've been killing terrorists, creating jobs, raising wages, enacting fair trade deals, securing our border and lifting up citizens of every race, color, religion, and creed, right? We added another 225,000 brand new beautiful jobs last month, way, way, way above what our great geniuses back there thought it would be, 225,000
Think of it, we right now have more people working in our country than at any time in the history of our country, almost 160 billion
00 in the morning, they are watching
The whole world was watching
That was the most exciting television that anybody's ever seen
Even ESPN, some guy on ESPN said, This is the most exciting event I've ever seen
And all he does is watch sporting events and big ones
But since the election, 7 million brand new beautiful jobs have been added and we've invested more than $2 trillion into that military that we talked about
And we created- Into that military that we talked about, and we created something that's very exciting
And we have our great new General
He's on the  he's on our  I'll tell you, he was on a list of the most incredible men you've ever seen
The sixth branch of the United States Armed forces, the Space Force
And I will be making a big decision for the Space Force as to where it's going to be located, and I know you want it
We'll be making that decision toward the end of the year
I was here, I did your  I met  I was up at the Air Force Academy, and I greeted those kids, they were so great
I did the commencement address
Was anybody there? I did the commencement address
And the General said, sir, would you like to shake hands with the cadets? I said, does everyone else do it, President? Oh, yes, sir
What he didn't say is, they'll shake 10 hands
I said, so they do  how many do you have? Sir, we have 1156 cadets
I said, you mean other people do it? Yes, sir
But they don't do 1156
They'll do 30, 40
They'll take the top 10 out of the class
I said, I'll do it
I stood there for two and a half hours and the sun was blazing
True
And I shook 1156 hands
And a lot of these kids are very strong physically
In fact, you have one of them as an example, he was the winner of the home run derby
Did you know that? College  think of that
The college home run derby
I said, let me see you
I want to see what you look like
He stands up, uniform, everything else
And by the way, I did something for Air Force, but I did something for all of the academies
If you were a great athlete and they had a hard time recruiting, although they've done well, if you're a great athlete, you can't  we wanted to get them to go, but they didn't because they didn't want to serve five years in the military and then they'd go into the NFL or baseball
So, I had one of the teams in
They said, sir, give us the waiver, sir
They've been after the waiver
You know what the waiver is? That means that if you're a great athlete, you can go to the Air Force Academy, or Army, Navy, the Coast Guard, you can go to one of our service academies
I did the rule and we got it through Congress
And you don't have to serve
You go directly into the major leagues and to the NFL, and you serve your time after, when you get out
Isn't that great? And the Army coach, who's a great guy  all great guys
Navy coach, Army coach, said sir, if you do that, we can compete with anybody, because we lost lot of great athletes who said, you know, we just can't do that
Now they serve their time afterwards
Isn't that great? And we did it
They've been trying to get that for so many years
But I love that group of people
I saw this guy from the home run derby, and I shook hands
Oh, I shook hands
And they come up and they're strong people
And they're shaking, and they're excited
They're a little nervous, maybe
They're meeting the President
They're a little nervous, and they're strong
They've got big, strong hands, and they're saying  and I'm saying, hello
Sir, thank you
Man
Jeez
What are you? I'm captain of my wrestling team, sir
I admire you greatly, sir, thank you, sir
It's like  and I'm trying to act like it doesn't hurt
By the end of the day, I'm going like  but we did it
And then I said, wait a minute
I said, General, no other President could do that
The Presidents don't do that
He said, no, they do, sir, but they stop, usually, at around 50
Oh, that's great
But I love the Air Force Academy
And you have all of the infrastructure, so you're being very strongly considered for the Space Command
Very strongly
And actually, I have to say this
I think I can say this, Mr
Senator, but the Governor showed up at the plane today, your Governor
Democrat
No, but in all fairness, he showed up because he wanted to lobby to see if they could get it
That's okay, that's all right
And we are going to be making that decision, Cory, when we make that decision, all right? Okay
But we've destroyed the ISIS territorial caliphate 100 percent
We killed the founded and leader of ISIS, al-Baghdadi
He's dead
He's dead
And we just killed the world's number one terrorist, Qasen Soleimani, ending his evil reign of terror forever
Forever and ever
He was the king of the roadside bomb, right? When you see these young men and in some cases women, no legs, no arms
They get it, and 92 percent of them were from Soleimani, and then they started making them  they had great detection
We had these guys, great detection, then all of a sudden, the detection wasn't working because they started making them out of plastic instead of metal
So they're blowing the guys up with the scopes, so they had the scopes on and that happened recently because they started making it out of plastic
Real scum, but he's gone, he's evil, he's dead, and America is respected again like never before
But as we keep on winning, Washington Democrats keep on losing their minds
They've gone nuts
That's why millions of registered Democrats, voters, people that were with the Democrats for a long time, they're leaving their party to join our movement
They're joining our great Republican party
We have more enthusiasm than any party has had in the last 50 years
And don't believe stories, and don't believe polls, because the polls are worse than the stories
They give phony polls
00
The polls have closed  and you know they only announce if you're very  if you're really going to win by a lot
Otherwise, it takes all night
The polls have closed in the great state of Texas
Donald Trump has won the great state of Texas
Thank you
But they had Alfred E
Newman, Buttigieg, little Buttigieg
I said, I've had you up to here
They had little Buttigieg leading Donald Trump in Texas
These people
But very close
They said, it's too close to call, where Buttigieg  so, a friend of mine from Texas, a big, powerful, strong guy, real Texas, he's got the cowboy hat  I'd love to wear that hat, I wouldn't have to comb my hair so much
I wouldn't need hairspray, right? I love those Texas hats
I don't know if we'd get away with it in Washington, that's my only problem, but I love them
This guy wears that big hat, the biggest hat
He's a big guy
And he's interviewed by somebody
He said, listen, I don't know much about politics, but I can tell you one thing
Buttigieg is not tied with the President
The President is leading him by 20 points
It's like I said the last time, nobody's leading Trump in Texas
And you know what? Nobody is even close to us in the great state of Colorado
We're leading big
Nobody
With your energy and enthusiasm, this November, and specifically it's November 3rd is the big day, and this is going to be as big  and I can't say bigger, because what was bigger than that? They came from the hills, they came from the mountains, they came out of the rivers, they came all over the place
Great people, they just never saw anybody they wanted to vote for
Women would come in, they hadn't voted in 20 years, great women, beautiful women, strong women, smart women, wives
No, no, incredible
And they love our country and they work hard and they pay their taxes and they work and they're  we're the elite, just so you  they're not the elite, we're the elite
And you know what? They'd show up, they've got Trump bandanas along with our great Vice President Mike Pence, Trump Pence, and they got the hats now and they walk  these are people that were never political people
They never wore a pin
Now they've got 30 pins all over their chest, they've got the hats with the things and the Trump, and nobody's ever seen anything like it
Really, it's a great revolution, and we're turning this country around
And I'm not saying anything can ever compete with 2016, but I think if we don't do it, a lot of what we've done, and we're going to go over the jobs and the regulation cuts and what we've done for the vets with choice and accountability, but you know what? They can undo it, but in four years they can't undo it, because that tree will be planted
It will be solid
They're not going to be able to do it, so we've got to win
And your second amendment is at stake, remember that
So this November, we're going to take back the House, we're going to hold the Senate, and we are going to keep the White House
So we're thrilled tonight to be joined by many great leaders from across this incredible state and from all over the country, and I want to thank Mike Pence
I heard he gave a great speech
I never want it to be too good
I never want it to be too good
I said, Mike, take it easy
Can't be too got
Mike is great
But we have Secretary David Bernhardt, Department of Interior
Thank you
Come on up, Dave
He's great
What he's doing, by the way, he's the largest landlord by a factor of about 2000
Department of the Interior
You're taking good care of Colorado, please? Okay
He's a big deal in Colorado, right? He's a big deal
All those beautiful mountains and rivers and lakes, he's the guy
You better keep them nice and clean
Believe me, we like the environment more than anybody
We want clean water and we want clean air
And you have warriors
You have guys, they fought for us
197 to nothing
We were  when you think of it, the Republicans, 197 on the house to nothing
Congressman Ken Buck, come on up
Congressman Scott Tipton
And Congressman Doug Lamborn
Thank you, Doug
Thank you
And we're also joined tonight by somebody that you really love, and I love him, too, but there's a reason
He's my son
Don junior
And Kimberly Guilfoyle
Kimberly, thank you, Kimberly
And a man  he happens to own the Chicago Cubs, but that's okay
He's done an incredible job, actually
He had a five year plan on the fifth year, the stadium was fully rebuilt, and they won the World Series
That's not bad
He had a five year plan
RNC finance chairman Todd Ricketts
Come on up, Todd
Come on up
Come on up, Todd
And I mentioned him a little earlier, but you didn't know he was here
I just said he's a champion, he's a winner
He's been a friend of mine for a long time
He's a tough cookie
He's the kind of people that made our country great
Truly, they've made our country great
He started off with two people fighting each other, then he got four people fighting each other, then he got them fighting each other, each other
Then he got six and eight and 12
All of a sudden people started watching and looking, and I was proud to hold his first event
That's why he loves me
They didn't want  they said, it's too dangerous
Nobody would take it
I'm the only who said, take it
We'll take it
And it was unbelievable
I went and I said, this is great
Let's do it again
And he has been my friend for a long time
And they put together a phenomenal deal, it's called UFC
He's the UFC president
And they just sold the company
He started it off for about $ 30, and they just sold it for $4 billion
And the people that bought it said, we're not buying it unless Dana White stays back and runs it
So Dana White, come on up
He's now a very wealthy guy
Come here
You want to hear from him? Yes
What's up, Colorado? How are you today? So, I'm not a very political person, I'll start there, but let me say this
There's things that I can tell you about the President of the United States that you don't hear on t
v
and you don't hear from other people
Like you said, I've known this man for 20 years
We've actually become even closer since he's become the President of the United States
When somebody becomes the President of the United States, you don't ever expect to hear from them again, and I understand it
It absolutely makes sense
This guy is so loyal and such a good friend, every time I see him  I saw him today
When I met him on Air Force One, the first thing he said to me is, how is your family? How is your family? Good man, very loyal, and a very good friend
I see a lot of things from Mr
Trump that the public doesn't see, and the people who surround me every day see how this man treats me as a friend, and other people he's friends with
He's a fighter, he loves this country, he's doing great things for this country, and we got to win this election again, ladies and gentlemen
Thank you
That was beautiful, because we get tired of hearing from these politicians all the time
Right, politicians? What a job he does, and we thank you very much, Dana, and you are my great friend, and thank you
But with Cory and with me, they're not going to play with your second amendment
Not going to happen, but it's  it is under siege
You see what's happening
But somebody  we fight together, and he's been so great
Cory Gardner, please come on up, please
Thank you
That's beautiful
That's true of the pipeline
A long time they've been trying
We got it right away, and we'll be announcing something very big toward the end of the year
Cory is a champion for the people of Colorado
He loves your state
Look, he loves your state
He was here, he does the tractor thing
He loves tractors, he sells a certain type
And don't worry, if there's any noise, just let them  they won't hear us
And he's got my complete and total support and endorsement
He will never let you down
The unemployment rate among African-Americans, Hispanic-Americans, and Asian-Americans has reached the lowest levels ever recorded
And for women, 71 years, and soon you're going to be hitting the historic number
71 years, the best numbers in 71 years
African-American and Hispanic-American poverty has plummeted to the lowest rates ever recorded
The unemployment rate for women is going  and I'm telling you, within a very short period of time, you're going to see some statistics coming out on  statistics
I've got to do it right, otherwise they'll say, what's wrong? If you go 16 of these, and if you mispronounce one word, they say, what's wrong? Statistics for women that are going to be unbelievable
They're going to be unbelievable
The best ever
The veterans' unemployment rate dropped to a record low
Workers without a high school diploma have achieved the lowest unemployment ever recorded in U
S
history
Half a million more Hispanic-Americans now own a home
We've lifted 10 million people off of welfare, and median household income is now at the highest level in the history of our country
Think of that
Think of this
To lift up forgotten communities that need investment the most we created with Tim Scott great guy, great Senator from South Carolina, opportunity zones
Jobs and investment are now pouring in to over 125 newly-designated opportunity zones right here in Colorado
You know about that, right? It's been amazing
Opportunity zones are amazing, what's happened
We're supporting working families by fighting for paid family leave and getting it, reducing the cost of child care, and giving 40 million American families an average of $2,200 in their pockets directly thanks to the Republican child tax credit
People don't know that
Our historic regulatory reduction campaign is ending the tyranny of Washington bureaucrats
We repealed the ridiculous waters of the United States rule, which was basically taking away your property
And we are taking the Bureau of Land Management out of Washington, DC
We're just on it, and thank you very much Secretary Bernhardt
Just up here, nice, slim, beautiful looking man
He looks beautiful
When you work with him he's beautiful because he gets it done, and you're moving it and it's headquarters to Grand Junction, Colorado because we believe that the people who manage the lands of the great American west should live right here in the great American west
And we have ended the war on American energy
It was a war, and we're up here and we're doing it
We are right now energy independent, can you believe it? They want to use wind, wind, wind
Blow wind, please
Please blow
Please keep the birds away from those windmills, please
Tell those beautiful bald eagles, oh, a bald eagle
You know, if you shoot a bald eagle, they put you in jail for a long time, but the windmills knock them out like crazy
It's true
And I think they have a rule, after a certain number are killed you have to close down the windmill until the following year
Do you believe this? Do you believe this? And they're all made in China and in Germany
Siemans
And for those of you that want to hear it, when they're making them, more stuff goes up into the air and up into the ozone, the atmosphere
More stuff is going up there, they're making it, ay, ay, ay
And they don't say this, but after a period of time they get tired, they get old, they get rusty, and a lot of the guys say, hey, their useful life is gone
Let's get the hell out of here, and they're all over the place
You look at Palm Springs, California
Take a look
Palm Springs, they're all over the place
They're closed, they're rotting, they look like hell
Every major Democrat running for President wants to entirely eliminate American production of oil and natural gas, crushing Colorado's economy, destroying tens of thousands of Colorado energy jobs and demolishing property values all across the state
They're doing that
Look, you're going to vote for one of these people, probably crazy Bernie
He seems to be leading
Mini Mike, I thought he might come up, but he can't because he can't debate
He wasn't meant for the camera, do we agree? He wasn't exactly great last night
No, I think he lost too last night
Only in Colorado could somebody say that
No, you're going to probably  it looks like Bernie, doesn't it? It looks like crazy Bernie
Crazy Bernie's not big into natural gas and oil, and the things that keep our great factories and plants going
But Colorado voters will never let it happen
We're reversing decades of calamitous trade policies
America lost one in four manufacturing jobs following the twin disasters of NAFTA and China's entrance into the WTO
But under this administration, all of that is changing
The era of economic surrender is over, thank you
It's over
Last month, we ended the NAFTA catastrophe and I signed the brand new U
S-Mexico-Canada agreement into law
Incredible deal
The USMCA is a gigantic victory for farmers, ranchers, and manufacturers all across the great state of Colorado and every other state
Also, something we got that people don't talk about, if you love your children, you don't have to pay estate taxes on your beautiful small farms and businesses
If you love your children, it's great, and if you don't love your children, don't worry about it
Who in the hell knows
If you don't love them, don't leave that beautiful farm to your children
Give it to somebody else, okay? If they don't treat you well, give don't leave them a damn thing
Are you listening, Donnie? Are you listening, Donnie? I also took  no, it is true
That's a big deal
Farmers were leaving their ranch and their farms and their  people were leaving their small businesses to their family and they were being assessed in valued much higher in many cases than it was worth
You couldn't do it
They'd go out  your kids would go out and borrow a lot of money
They'd end up losing their business, losing your farm that was in your family for 150 years
You know what happens
And they're good kids, and maybe they'll never be you
They can't farm like you and maybe they can't any maybe they can, maybe they're better
But you know what? They'd go out and they'd borrow a lot of money and they'd lose the farm
The numbers are staggering
We got rid of it
No more death tax, no more inheritance tax
And I also took the strongest ever action to confront China's massive theft of American jobs
What they've done to us over the years, we were losing 200 billion, 300, 400, 500, not million, billion
Billion
Not million
500 million would be a lot
We're talking about 500 billion, they were taking it
Our strategy worked
We put tariffs up, 25 percent on the first 250 billion
Billions of dollars poured into the United States
They devalued their currency and they pumped money in
We didn't pay for it despite the fact that these guys  they like to say they did, we didn't pay for it, and I'll tell you what
China- They like to say they did
We didn't pay for it
I'll tell you what, China came to the table, and we made a deal that's great for us and hopefully it's great for them
Last month, as you know, we signed a groundbreaking trade agreement with China that will defend our workers, protect our intellectual property, and boost American exports $250 billion worth of purchases, $50 billion worth of farm agricultural purchase, $50 billion
You know the most they ever purchased were $16 billion
You know that story
I've told it a couple of times
$16 billion was the most ever
Secretary Sonny Purdue agriculture, he's done a great job
I said, Who's the most? What's the biggest year? $16 billion, sir
I said, All right, make it 20
So they agreed on 20 so now we're getting ready to close the deal, biggest trade deal ever made, biggest deal ever made
We're getting ready to close the deal between that and USMCA
We're getting ready to close it
I go over, I say, What do you have down for the farmers? They've been great, although I have been helping you out
I gave you a lot of money
I gave you a lot of money
$16 billion on year, $12 billion from the year before
I took it out of the tariffs or we had a lot leftover, but think of it
But I said, So tell me fellas, let me ask you, what do we have? What's the number?  20 billion, sir
They're going to purchase 20 billion worth of farm products
I said, Make it 50
Tell them to make it 50
So, we went to China and they were great
You know they got 1
5 billion people
You got a lot of feeding to do
I said, Do me a favor, instead of 20 billion purchased from our farmers, would you make it 50? No, no, no, no, no, and they agreed to do it
They agreed to it
I don't think you're going to be able to make it
You better be able to make it
I don't want the farmers coming to me, sir, sir, I'm sorry we can't produce that much, sir
I said, Our farmers will find a way
They'll go out and buy larger tractors and they'll buy some extra land
Go out and buy a bigger tractor or something
No, but it is true
I've had people say, Sir, they can't produce that much
I said, Forget it
They will
Look at them
You're a farmer
They'll figure that one out
Although Mike Bloomberg said you'll never figure it out
They'll figure it out long before him
You'll figure that one out long before him
No, I know the farmers
I'm not worried about it
$50 billion on no issue have Washington Democrats more thoroughly sold out the American people than on immigration
Every day Democrats open border policies are harming and killing innocent lives
This region alone, last year ICE officers arrested over 2000, and by the way, our ICE officers, these guys are tough and they're brave
Over 2000 criminal aliens, that's MS-13 gangs, thousands, and they bring them back to where they came from
By the way, now their countries take them back
They weren't taking them back, safe third agreements
They take them back
Charged or convicted of dangerous offenses including robbery, rape, and murder
We bring them back and in some cases we don't even want to bring them back
We have to put them
I don't want to house them for the next 50 years, but you know what? We don't want to take chances either, but we'll bring them back to Guatemala, Honduras, El Salvador, Mexico
We bring them back
They didn't use to take them
They said, We don't want them back
Oh, okay, we'll keep them ourselves
We don't do that anymore
In Denver, an illegal alien was recently charged with brutally stabbing a judge multiple times, attempting to murder him his own home
The alien had been arrested 36 times over the past 20 years
Other than that, he was a very fine fellow, for crimes including assault and child abuse, yet somehow they kept letting him go and he was still in our country
In communities across the nation, radical, and we're watching them very closely, left wing politicians are imposing deadly sanctuary cities, and sanctuary states, and policies that compel local law enforcement to release these illegal aliens straight into your beautiful communities
Last year, Colorado Democrats enacted a law declaring this entire state to be a sanctuary for dangerous criminals
As a result of state and local sanctuary policies, officials in Boulder defied federal law enforcement and released a previously deported child molester into the community
In Denver, officials released a criminal alien arrested on felony drug charges, and now he is a very dangerous man
We just caught him for attempted murder
Right here in Colorado Springs, El Paso County officials defied the requests of federal law enforcement and released a criminal alien arrested for robbery, assault, and kidnapping
They released him straight into your community
These are the Democrats
These are your Democrats
Democrats think that Colorado should be a haven for murderers, predators, kidnappers, and felons in our country and that come in illegally
Republicans believe that Colorado should be a sanctuary for law abiding Americans, not criminal aliens
If you want to shut down sanctuary cities and stop sanctuary states, if you want to protect your family and your loved ones, you must vote for Cory, vote for Trump, vote for the Republican party
We're getting it done
Thank you
Thank you very much
Thanks to our tireless efforts to secure the border, we've reduced illegal border crossings for eight straight months in a row
Illegal crossings are down 75% since last spring, and we have ended the horrible practice of catch and release
You know what you do? You catch him
You say, Where do you live? They don't live here
They don't have an address
Where do you live? Give us your address
They don't have an address
Many are criminals
Many are very dangerous criminals
So they're saying, and we are building the wall
It's gone up 122 miles as of yesterday
It's a serious wall
Did you hear? Two weeks ago, a small section, twice the size of this stage, we were putting it up and they're pouring the concrete, and a lot of, it's Mexico, it's very rough territory, some of it
It's partially desert
We were in a rough area, very windy, and we had a tremendous sand and wind storm
So we hadn't put it in
We put it in and it was just getting set, and we got hit with a tornado of wind and it blew it down, and the fake news said Trump's wall fell down
It was blown down
But see, at least we have a voice where we can explain
It's true
We lifted it up and we held it up
When the storm went by, we had it set and it's set beautifully, and the following day, that sucker is going to be up for many, many years
Can you imagine? I said what happened in a certain area, and we're doing a great job by the way, in New Mexico
New Mexico is going to be a great, great state for the Republican party, and Arizona, what we're doing on the border in Arizona, they want us to do it badly
But can you imagine that? A thing falls over because the concrete was just poured, it's soaking wet and it falls over, and they make it sound like the wall fell down
These are very, very dishonest people, but you know that
Border patrol has seized the largest amount of deadly narcotics over the last year ever recorded
It's horrible what's happening, the largest amount ever recorded
We've deported record numbers of gang members, especially the MS-13 gang members, but there are others that are just as bad
We've done more to secure the border than any administration in the history of our country
The border is going to be very soon secured
We'll have, some time next year, over 500 miles of beautiful, powerful wall built
Washington Democrats have never been more extreme taking cues from crazy Bernie Sanders, 132 congressional Democrats have signed up for Bernie's healthcare takeover that would strip 180 million Americans of their great private coverage that you want
While the Socialist Democrats are trying to destroy American healthcare, and trying to destroy your social security, that won't happen with me, my administration is protecting your social security, your Medicare, and is fighting to give you great, great healthcare, already done a good job
We're defending your right to keep the doctor, and to keep the plan of your choice
Remember, President Obama 28 times, he said, Keep your doctor
Keep your plan
Keep your doctor
Keep your plan
Keep your doctor
Keep your plan
Right? It was a lie
We should impeach him
We should impeach him
Impeach Obama
Get him out of office
No, nobody thought of that
We caught him in a lie 28 times at least
He's on record
We caught him in a lie, but nobody said let's impeach him
Only these maniacs, crazy Nancy Pelosi, crying Chuck Schumer
What about the little pencil neck, right? Pencil neck
He's got the world's smallest neck
Here's a guy that lied about my statement
He made up a statement and he delivered it before a contract
He made up a statement
It was totally fiction
He made it up and then they tell me, you're getting ready to sue him, and they say, Oh no, he's protected because he made the statement in the halls of Congress
That should be worse
No, that should worse
Little wise guy
We're making healthcare better and much cheaper while premiums more than doubled in the five years before I took office
We're now offering plans that are up to 60% less expensive and they're better
They're better
We're protecting people with pre-existing conditions and we always will
We're fighting to stop surprise medical billing
I signed an executive order imposing price transparency
That's going to be bigger than healthcare in a certain way
Watch the prices come down because when providers are required to show their prices, those same prices fall very, very fast
We have approved a record number of affordable new generic drugs, which are just as good as the name brand drugs, but at a tiny fraction of the cost
We have totally transform veteran's health care, including getting the long sought VA choice and VA accountability
So, now if our veterans have to wait in line, they go out to a doctor, a local doctor, we pay the bill and they're all set
They don't have to wait for six weeks
He's agreeing, right? Good
Right? You don't see those stories
You used to see all these horrible vet stores, veterans, the veterans on television, and you don't see it because veterans choice, it's amazing
Our great veterans, here's a man right here
You're saying, yes
Purple Heart
Thank you
Thank you
That's great
But it's a lot different under Trump, isn't it? A lot different under Trump, and now you go out to a private doctor, but you know, we also got accountability
They've been trying to get these things done for 45, 46, 48 years, couldn't get them done
I'm good at getting things approved
I have to say
But, we also got accountability where we can fire people that aren't taking care of our vets
If somebody isn't doing a good job, you couldn't fire him
Now you look at him, you say, Get the hell out of here
You're fired
We passed another thing
For 44 years, they've been trying to get it passed, the spectacular Right to Try, where we can use our medicines that are in trial if somebody is terminally ill or very sick, we can use it and we are having tremendous results, Right to Try
I hope that nobody in this room needs it
I hope you don't need it, but if you do, we have the best in the world, and we're seeing amazing results
We're combating the opioid epidemic
Drug overdose deaths have declined for the first time in nearly 31 years
We are pursuing new advances in neonatal research to care for America's youngest patients and breaking all records in so doing
All of the radical Democrats in the Presidential debates have declared their unlimited support for extreme late term abortion, ripping babies straight from the mother's womb, right up until the very moment of birth
You know that
That is why at my State of the Union, I asked Congress to prohibit late term abortion for babies, because republicans believe that every child is a sacred gift from God
The Democrat party is the party of high taxes, high crime, open borders, late term abortion, socialism, blatant corruption, and the total obliteration of your second amendment
That's what it is
The Republican party is the party of the American worker, the American family, the American dream, and the late great Abraham Lincoln
People forget that
People forget Honest Abe
He's the most presidential guy
I've always said I could be more presidential than anybody, but I'm not sure I can beat Honest Abe when he wears the hat
That hat is too much
It's so easy to be presidential, so easy
It's so much easier than doing what I have to do, but you know what I'd have? I'd have about three people in the front row
How about sleepy Joe? How about his performance? What? What? It's great to be with the great people of Ohio
Joe, Joe, you're in Iowa
You're an Iowa
Oh, wow
He did it five times
So far, I've never done it
Thank you
I've never done it
If I do it, that's a bad sign
Now he does it all the time
He was in New Hampshire and he said he was in Vermont
It's great to be in Vermont
Joe, you're in New Hampshire
Dammit
He'd go up and tell him again and again
Joe, what the hell is wrong with you, Joe? Sleepy Joe
He's sleepy Joe
He was sleepy a long time ago, but now he's really sleeping
But it's easy to be presidential
You know that
The easiest thing you could do is presidential
Never open your jacket
Never
It's got to be buttoned up
Right? Ladies and gentleman, the President of the United States
Thank you
Thank you
Thank you
Thank you very much
It's so great to be with the people of Colorado
Thank you, everybody
Good night
Good night
No, no
It's so easy
It's so easy, honestly
Look, I did very well with the State of the Union, right? They said it was one of the best
Smart, smart
Smart guy
We do good
We're representing you
I better do good
If I didn't do good, you'd dump me so fast
Actually, I don't think you would dump be so fast, actually
You want to know the thing? She said, we're never dumping you
Fake news CNN went up to a woman
What does it take for you to leave the President? I'm not leaving him
There were 10 women, and the one woman, beautiful, incredible women, and they had their bandanas, they had hats, Trump, and stupid CNN, they go up, What does it take for you? Then he goes, Look, he said one time that his people are so good, they'd stay with him if he shot somebody in the middle of Fifth Avenue
Do you remember? Right?  Would you stay if he shot somebody? This is actually an answer, or something to the effect, Would you say every shot somebody in the middle of Fifth Avenue? The woman looks, Well, it depends why he shot him
Makes sense
Depends why he shot him
But then they said, We're not leaving him
We're never leaving him
We're in thing together, folks
We got the swamp
We got that dirty, rotten swamp
We got crooked politicians
We got a lot of bad people, but we're getting them out one by one
We better be, little Adam Schiff, that little Adam Schiff
What a crooked politician
He's a corrupt politician
Talking about guys, he'll lie and then the next day get caught
He'll be sorry that he got caught
The next day he'll walk up to the mic and say exactly the same thing
He's got no shame
He's got no shame
He's a liar
I think he's a sick person
Republicans are fighting for the citizens from every background, every community, and every walk of life
You know that we're the party of boundless optimism, excitement, energy and enthusiasm
We are asking all Americans to join our incredible movement
We are the big tent
We are the big party
We have the big ideas for the future
Republicans are fighting for school choice, big deal, it's a big deal, because no parents should ever be forced to send their child to a failing government school
To uphold the new rule of law, we have confirmed 217 brand new, beautiful federal judges who will interpret the Constitution as written
That's a record
That is a record that it includes 192 judges who are appointed for a lifetime
So, think of it
If they're 40 years old, if they're 45 years old, they can be there for 40, 50 years
As you know, and by the way, that's a record by a lot
I have the record, but there's one record that probably nobody will get the percentage record
Who has the percentage? Do you know? George Washington, 100%
But it was only 16 people
So, with 217, can you imagine that? It's a record and we're going up
We're going up
The Democrats are thrilled about that one, and as you know, I have nominated and we have confirmed two great new Supreme court justices, Colorado zone, right? Colorado
That's right
Colorado zone, Neil Gorsuch and Brett Kavanaugh
Neil Gorsuch, that's right
Colorado
He's a great guy, too, great guy
Colorado
That's a big thing
That's another great check you have down for count
Neil Gorsuch
I recognized Israel's true capital and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem
They said they were going to do it for years
We recognize Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights
Our investments in the United States military include more than $300 million this year
Has anyone ever heard of a place called Fort Carson? Another place, Peterson Air Force Base, you know that
Another place, the Air Force Academy, you know that, and Schriever, right, Air Force Base Schriever
Schriever
Was that right? Schriever, right? Schriever, that's a little tricky one
It took me a little while
I'm looking at that sucker
I'm saying, Schriever, right
Thank you
That's very nice
He saw he was having a little trouble with that one
That's tricky
You don't like to mispronounce a word
You come to a great place like this and instead of calling it Fort Carson, you go at Fort crasson, and they say, Oh, this guy doesn't know anything about us
No, a lot of money going into Fort Carson
It's great
For years, you watched as your politicians apologize for America
You saw that
Well, I'd like to apologize
We don't apologize
Now you have a President who is standing up for America and we are standing up for the great people of Colorado
At stake in our present battle is the survival of our nation
If you want your children to inherit the blessings that generations of Americans have fought and died for, they wanted to secure these great rights that we all have, then we must devote everything we have toward victory in November of 2020, November 3rd
Only this way can we save the America we love and drain the Washington swamp once and for all
We'll get it finished
We'll get it finished
They're bad people
They're all over the place
They're bad people
With your help, we will lift millions more of our citizens from welfare to work, dependence to independence, and poverty to prosperity
You know that
Together we will elect a Republican Congress to create a fair, safe, sane and lawful system of immigration
We will continue to enact great new trade deals like we've been doing
I'm going to India next week and we're talking trade
They've been hitting us very hard for many, many years, but I really like Prime Minister Modi
We got to talk a little
We've got to talk a little business
They've been hitting us hard
They give us tariffs
One of the highest in the world is India
But I hear they're going to have 10 million people, they say anywhere from six to 10 million people are going to be showing up along the route to one of the largest stadiums in the world, the largest cricket stadium in the world, which is brand new and beautiful
But you know what, and the only problem with doing that, Prime Minister Modi said, We will have 10 million people greet you
Here's my problem
We have a packed house
We have a lot of people, thousands of people that couldn't get in
It's going to look like peanuts from now on
I'll never be satisfied with the crowd
If we have 10 million people in India, how can I be satisfied if we fill up a 60,000 seat stadium? Big deal
See, I'm getting spoiled
He said, Build a bigger stadium
That's good
Colorado, very good
But it's going to result in more products proudly stamped with that beautiful phrase Made in the USA
That beautiful phrase
We will achieve new breakthroughs in science and medicine, finding new cures for childhood cancer
They've made such progress, and ending the AIDS epidemic in America
We started a year ago
It should have been started long before in the last administration because they had the technology then
They didn't start it, but we're starting it
We'll have it done within nine years
It's a 10 year process
Think of that
AIDS
we will land the first woman on the moon and become the first station in the world to plant our flag on Mars
You have a lot of that action happening right here
We will defend privacy, free speech, religious liberty, and the right to keep and bear arms
That's a big one
Above all, we will never stop fighting for the sacred values that bind us together as one, beautiful America
We support, protect, and defend the Constitution of the United States
We stand with the incredible heroes of law enforcement
We believe in the dignity of work and the sanctity of life
We believe that faith and family, not government bureaucracy, are the true American way
We believe that children should be taught to love our country, honor our history, and to always respect our great American flag
We live by the words of our national motto, In God We Trust, from Pueblo to Fort Collins, from Denver to Durango, from Black Forest to Broomfield, from Castle Rock to right here in Colorado Springs, we stand on the shoulders of red blooded American Patriots who poured out their heart, and sweat, and soul, to secure our liberty and defend our freedom
Colorado was founded by pioneers and prospectors, cowboys and miners, and ranchers who tamed the wilderness, explored the west, scaled the Rockies, fought the battles, and helped make this the greatest nation ever to exist on the face of the Earth, and we are making it greater every single day greater than ever before
Proud citizens like you helped build this country and together we are taking back our country
We are returning power to you, the American people
With your help, your devotion, and your drive, we are going to keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting, and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning
We are one movement, one people, one family and one glorious nation under God
America's thriving like never before, and ladies and gentlemen of Colorado, the best is yet to come
Together we will make America wealthy again
We will make America strong again
We will make America proud again
We will make America safe again, and we will make America great again
Thank you people of Colorado

Thank you
Thank you very much
Hello Dallas
It's great to be with you tonight
Thank you
I am thrilled to be here deep in the heart of Texas where we just opened a beautiful new Louie Vuitton plant
I'm with the freedom loving Patriots of the lone star state
I love it
There has never been a better time to be a proud Texan and there's never a better time to be a proud American
There never has
Never has
I came from a small town, Alvarado, Texas where we celebrated the incredible revival of American manufacturing and we opened up some beautiful places
I'll tell you, this place is doing great and created in a very short period of time an extra 1000 jobs for Texas
Since my election, we've created 775,000 new jobs across your state including 70,000 Texas manufacturing jobs
They said those jobs had disappeared, didn't they? Huh? Hey man, our country is once again living by two simple rules, buy American and hire American
The economy is booming
Our people are prospering
Our country is thriving and our nation is stronger than ever before
But the more America achieves, the more hateful and enraged these crazy Democrats become
Crazy
They're crazy
They're crazy
At stake in this fight is their survival of American democracy itself
Don't kid yourself
That's what they want
They are destroying this country but we will never let it happen
Not even close
For three straight years, radical Democrats have been drawing to overthrow the results of a great, great election
Maybe, maybe the greatest election in the history of our country
They want to oppose an extreme agenda
They cannot pass it and they cannot win it at the ballot box
They're not going to win
The not even going to get  they won't come close in 2020
They know it
They know it
They're not going to win it
They say, let's see
What's another idea? What's another idea? How do we win this election? You know, I really don't believe anymore that they love our country
I don't believe it
Crazy Nancy
Think of that
That crazy Nancy
She is crazy
And shifty Schiff
How about this guy? He makes up my conversation, which was perfect
He makes up my conversation
He sees what I said
It doesn't play well because it was perfect
So he made up a totally false conversation with the Ukrainian president and we caught him cold
Everybody knew it anyway
See, we did one thing
You always have to do the unexpected
They never thought I'd released the conversation with the Ukrainian president
I want to get him before Congress and I want to see what he has to say
You know, they say he has immunity
Why would you have immunity for outright fraud? Why do you have immunity? Why? He's a fraud
We're fighting a campaign against leftist, socialist, and globalists who want to return to reckless wars, open borders, rampant crime, and totally disastrous one way trade deals
We're changing that one around very quickly
They believe America is the world's piggy bank and that your tax dollars should subsidize the economy, military and defense of every other nation in the world but our own
It's not happening anymore
Our political opposition made its fortune selling out our nation and its citizens
And you know that's what's been happening
And that's why 2016 was so important
And that's why 2020, I can never say it's more important, but you know it's like the roots of a tree
You plant the baby tree, it's got to catch, get that extra time
We'll have more tax cuts
We'll have even  I'll tell you what, we have rebuilt our military
What we've done has never been done before
The do nothing democrats have betrayed our country and that great betrayal is over
We are finally again, and we've been doing it now for almost three years
Can you believe we've been doing this for three years? Can you believe it? I've been a politician for three years
I can't believe that
I never thought I'd be called a politician
I don't like it
But it is what it is
But we're finally again putting America first
The radical Democrats want to destroy America as we know it
They want to indoctrinate our children and teach them that America is a sinful, wicked nation
You see that happening all the time
And I know it from personal experience
What they want to teach your kids, not good
They come home, mommy, daddy, this is what I learned
And you're going, oh no, don't tell me
Let's get them into another school fast
They want to disarm law abiding citizens
They want to take your guns away
They want to install far left judges to shred our constitution
It's not happening
They want to tear down symbols of faith and drive Christians and religious believers from the public square
They want to silence your voices on social media and they want the government to censor, muzzle, and shut down conservative voices
You know that
If they didn't hate our country, they wouldn't be doing this to our country
They wouldn't be doing it because they know better
They know better
As an example, we're building a great wall along the Southern border and it's going up rapidly
Going up
And you know, five years ago almost every one of them wanted a wall until I came along and I said, we're going to build a great wall because they could never get it done
Then they stopped the funding
They made it almost impossible
Few people would've been able to do what we did, but we got it from here and we got it from there and we got it from all over the place and we're building that sucker right now and it's having a tremendous effect already
Not easy
Highest level
Everything we said it would be, it's moving rapidly
Although the fake news back there, they don't want to talk about it
They don't want to talk about it
Look at all those cameras
You believe it
Look at all those red lights
Don't worry
I won't say anything bad about your network because a lot of times I get ready to do a number of these phony networks and you know, you see those red lights go off, off, off, off
They don't want their viewers to see it, but that's okay
I'm not going to say it tonight
I'm going to say you're legitimate media
I don't actually mean that
But you look at that
But look at all those cameras
You know that's like the Academy Awards used to be before it failed
You know why it failed? You know why it failed? Because they came after us
That's why it failed
It failed because they had stupid people saying horrible things about us
Stupid
stupid people
They are stupid people and their ratings have dropped like a rocket
I love seeing it
I'm telling you
Love it
But no matter how hard they try, they will fail because the people of Texas and the people of America will never surrender our freedom to those people right there
We will stand strong for family, faith, God, and for country
Last week, a very dumb Democrat candidate for president, that's the end of him in this state, pledged to revoke the tax exempt status of many churches and religious charities
By the way, that was after a few weeks ago
He said, excuse me, we're going to take your guns away
That doesn't work well with me
I called him right
Remember the flailing arms? Nobody noticed it
I noticed it
The flailer
You remember he was flailing all over the place
I said why is this guy hot? John Cornyn's going to win so easily
Just like Ted Cruz won
He's going to win no matter what happens
But John Cornyn is not talking about Beto anymore because Beto, in a few short weeks got rid of guns and got rid of religion
Those are not two good things in Texas to get rid of
I will never allow the federal government to be used to punish Americans for their religious beliefs
I will never allow the IRS to be used as a political weapon, except in the case of myself where they use it against me
The radical left tolerates no dissent
It permits no opposition
It accepts no compromise
These people are crazy
And it has absolutely no respect for the will of the American people
First it was the Russia hoax
Then it was the smearing which continues, that disgraceful, disgusting smearing of a fine man, Justice Kavanaugh
And now they continue the outrageous impeachment witch hunt with nothing
With nothing
They come after me, but what they're really doing is they're coming after the Republican party and what they're really, really doing is they're coming after and fighting you
And we never lose
I'm fighting for everyone who believes in the values, traditions, and principles that have made our nation the greatest in the history of the world
And I have to say this, we are far greater now than ever before
You go back four years, you go back seven, six, eight, even you go back into another administration, you go back 10 and 12 years, where were you compared to where you are right now? We must hold the Democrats accountable for their lies and their corruption
They are corrupt people
And we must show and vote and we have to go out and we have to win this election coming up
It's going to be a landslide and we have to make it a landslide
Today's do nothing democrats, they don't do anything
Where's the USMCA? Everybody wants it
The Democrats even want it and crazy Nancy won't let anybody vote on it
She's nuts
Today's Democrats believe anyone who opposes them must be crushed
It's not just like, let's win
You know, I have to say this
The Republicans said, I'm not sure I like this because my life hasn't been this way, but the Republicans play a much softer game
They really do
When all of our stars, and we have great stars, when they went to our speaker of the house at the time and they asked for subpoenas, oh, let's take it easy
Let's  okay
I mean, I get that too
She hands them out like it's cookies
Here
Subpoena
I heard a commentator who happens to be standing right there the other day
Doesn't like us at all
But said, I've never seen anyone hand out so many subpoenas
I have people getting subpoenas I never heard of
I said, who are those people? Never saw anything like it
It's a disgrace what they're doing to our country
We became, because of what they do, not the Republicans and not what we've done because what they've done and what they see
When people come to my office, which is now the oval office, which is your office too
Presidents, Prime Ministers, Kings, Queens
I hate to say it
Sometimes dictators, they just don't like to go by that title
They say, sir, congratulations sir on what you've done
Congratulations on what you've done
It's incredible
Your economy is the greatest on earth
And let me tell you it, if my crooked opponent would have won the election right now China would be by far the number one nation from an economic standpoint in the world
We've gone up trillions of dollars
They've gone down trillions of dollars, and we are so far number one, so far that they'll never catch us if we are smart right here
But the do nothing Democrats believe anyone who opposes them has to be crushed
They don't want to just beat them
They don't want to just beat him
These are sick people
They want to crush these people
The anger, the hatred, and that any lie or crime or corruption is justified so Schiff gets up and makes up my statement
He makes it up 100% and then he said he didn't speak to the whistle blower
No, we didn't see the whistleblower
And what about the whistleblower? The whistleblower got it all wrong
Who's the whistleblower? Who's the whistleblower? Who is the whistleblower? We have to know
Is the whistleblower a spy? And who is the IG that did this? All he had to do is look at the tape or look at what they wrote down, the transcribed version of the phone call
Compare that to the whistle blower's account and you see it had nothing to do with it
So why does the IG allow a thing like this to happen to our country? Why? Why? Got a lot of bad people out there, but one by one we're advancing
One by one
Just look at the terrible foreign corruption of the Bidens
I hate to talk about him
You know why? I don't think the guy's got a chance
Sleepy Joe
I don't think he's got it
I don't see it
I don't know
I've got these great, brilliant senators over here
I have all these congressmen over here
Fellows I don't think he has a chance
I'd like him to
I'd like him to
You know I thought Pocahontas was gone, left in embers
You got to give her credit
Those embers, they kept going, going, going
Now it looks like she's doing better
But I don't think Joe has a chance
But did you see the other night where CNN, in a totally unsubstantiated statement, the president said this about you
We're so sorry he said that
His son walked out with a billion and a half dollars from China
These were not the same Chinese people I just dealt with
I will tell you that
But Joe Biden was in charge of Ukraine policy while his son with absolutely no energy experience just got thrown out of the Navy like a dog, was paid massive sums of money by a Ukrainian energy company
You know that's called? It's called a payoff, folks
He didn't no energy at all, knew nothing about energy
They hired him, paying him massive amounts of money, much more than the $50,000 a month you heard about
That's a lot
That's a lot
But much more
Joe Biden made them go out and fire the prosecutor on tape
But they don't want to show the tape
I had to put it up on my social media site
They don't want to show the tape where he was bragging
You're not going to get this money unless they get rid of  and boom, they got rid of the prosecutor
He was investigating the son and the son's company
Got rid of him
Now that's what you call quid pro quo
While these charges are totally unsubstantiated
These are the fake newsers out there
And then Biden flew
Think of it
He goes into a tough place
We just met such a great deal with China
Just think of this
My guy said, if we could get 20 billion in agricultural product, that would be good
The most China ever did was 16 billion for our farmers
Okay
We're just talking about the farmers
We did banking
We did everything
But we're talking about them
The most they ever did was 20 billion of product from our farmers
Our great farmers
Our patriot farmers
Our farmers that never left us even though they were being targeted by China
They never left me
So they wanted 20 in China agreed
I said, nope, no good
I want 50 billion, not 20 billion
50
So my guys say, sir, we have a problem, sir
Our farmers cannot produce that much
It's true
I said, tell them to go out and get bigger tractors, right? John Deere case, Caterpillar, all American
Only American tractors
We only buy American tractors
Go out and get bigger
So now China's agreed
They've already started buying
Hopefully the agreement gets signed sometime prior to a big summit that we have with president Xi and others in Chile
That's in about four weeks
But they give this
They said, sir, they can't produce $50 billion
I said, I want the farmers to tell me  remember the story about winning? We're going to win so much
We're going into the White House
We're going to tell the president, sir, we just can't stand winning
The state of Texas, John Cornyn and Ted Cruz, they're going to come into my office
Sir, we just can't stand this winning in Texas anymore
It's too much
We can't handle it
Well, that's what I want from the farmers
I want the farmers to say
I want the farmers to say, sir, we just can't produce that much product
We can't do it, sir
And I'm going to say yes, you can
And they're going to say, no, we can't
I'm going to say yes you can
And they're going to go out and they get to take in 50 billion from China as opposed to 20
That's what's going to happen
That's what's going to happen
But they were great
They stuck with us through thick and thin
Now it's really working out for a lot of different groups
In the meantime we've taken in tens of billions of dollars of tariffs and China's eaten the cost because they devalued their currency and they put money out
Tens of billions of dollars
It's cost us nothing
Billions and billions and billions
You know what I did for the farmer? During the lean times, I gave them 16 billion last year and 12 billion the year before
$28 billion altogether came out of the tariffs that I had a lot of money leftover and nobody complained
You know our farmers didn't want that money
Our farmers didn't want it
True story
Everybody comes for money
Countries come for  everybody wants money, right? They all want our money
The farmers said, sir, we don't want this money
It's a subsidy
We don't want it
I said, no, it's not a subsidy
You're being targeted unfairly
They said, no, sir, it's a subsidy
This is true
I had 35 farmers in the oval office
Incredible people
They didn't want it
They said, sir, just give us a level field
So now I gave them a field that's more than level
It's level like this
Nice and easy
Nice and easy
But the farmers, I call them the great patriots the farmers
I never lost them
They always said, yeah, I'm in trouble
I got a problem
But this should have been done many, many years ago by other presidents and other leaders
And we lose for many years $500 billion a year with China and many other countries we lose billions
We lose with everybody
But that's all changing now
But we lose 500 billion, not million
500 millions is a lot, right? We lose 500 billion
And you know what? It's a disgrace that that was allowed to go on for 25 years
It was a disgrace
Disgrace
But now we're taking in billions of dollars
They've had the worst year they've had in 27 years and we're having the best year we've ever had
So that's good
That's good
So Biden flew with Hunter on Air Force 2
They flew to China
Hunter walked out of the plane, had a quick meeting, walked away with one and a half billion dollars
These characters back there said, oh, that's okay
There's no problem
Can you imagine if Don or Eric Trump or Ivanka Trump, who's here someplace  right here
And by the way, our great First Lady is home watching this
She said, this is the most exciting thing I've seen in a long time
You're a great First Lady
Doing a great job
She's doing a great job
We're doing a great job
The whole country now is doing a great job
So Biden takes 1,500,000,000 and he goes on and he allows China to rip us off
Remember he said a year ago? No, no, China's good
They've done nothing wrong
They are wonderful people
They are all wonderful people
I don't blame China, by the way
I blame our leaders for allowing this horrible, you know what and pillage
It's the R word
You know what and pillage
You know what word I'm talking about, right? I don't want to use it because they'll say it's a horrible word that Trump used
So the Biden's got rich while America got robbed
Tonight we forcefully condemn the blatant corruption of the Democrat party and nobody ever pays the price with the Democrats
They're so deep seeded
They never pay the price
They never pay
But maybe soon that will start
You know, we've had a lot of, we've had a lot of Obama people and Clinton people and some, to be honest with you, we've had some pretty bad Republicans down deep that didn't exactly love us
But slowly they're getting out
They have all sorts of protections
He says get rid of them
Yeah, we're trying
Get rid of them
But their partner in the whole thing is the fake news media
That's the problem
Because the Democrats and the fake news media, it's a partnership
Remember that
And you see it all the time, and I've never seen it to this extent
You know, when I won in the primaries and then I won the election, I was treated horribly by the media, horribly
And then when I won the election, we had the greatest night, one of the highest rated nights in the history of television all over the world
And I won
And I said, oh, the great thing
I said to Ivanka, I said to the first lady, I said to anybody that would listen, I said, listen, this is so great
Finally, finally, we, all of us, we're going to be respected by the media
And you know what happened? They got worse
They're worse now than they ever have been
They're crooked as hell
They're worse now than they've ever been
They're crooked
The only message these radicals, and they are radical lefties, will understand is a crushing defeat on November 3rd, 2020
Save that date
With your help, we will win back the house
We  With your help, we will win back the House, we will keep the Senate, and we will keep the White House in numbers like they haven't seen in a long, long time
Joining us tonight are many terrific Republican leaders, and they are terrific
And frankly, if they're not, I'm not going to introduce them, okay? But we have some great leaders, and you have great leaders in Texas
Great leaders, and they love Texas
A friend of mine, a guy that a lot of people weren't so sure, we had this unbelievable relationship
In fact, when Ted Cruz held a rally in Washington, he said, Could you come to my rally? And everybody thought, these people thought that was strange
They said to me, Well, when is the fighting between these two? Because we really like each other
When's the fighting going to start? Right, Ted? They said, When is the fighting going to start? And I said, Don't worry, it'll start
And when it does, it's going to be vicious
And it was vicious, and now we love each other again
He's great
Ted Cruz
And he had a great victory against a man that spent almost $100 million dollars
That's a lot of money
Spent almost $100 million, but that was a great victory
Thank you, Ted
Another man who's currently running against somebody
I kept thinking maybe Beto will jump in because he's at zero right now
We hope he's going to jump in
Remember, no religion and no guns
I think that's not good
Oh, and I think he's like pretty light on oil production too
But a man and John, I have no idea who you're running against, but nobody's going to be able to beat John Cornyn
He's a good man, you're good man, thank you, John
And we have a lot of Congress people here
We have a woman who's fantastic, who has been a fan of ours right from the beginning, Kay Granger
Thank you, Kay
We have a man who's smart as hell and he is tough and he is mean and nasty, but he loves this state and he's only mean and nasty because he wants to defend you and me and all of the horrible things that we all go through, Louie Gohmert
Louie, he's a great guy, been a great friend of mine
I'll tell you once we got him on board, he wouldn't leave us no matter what
And he had Mueller and everybody figured out long before anybody else had it figured out, right, Louie? A person who's been an incredible ally, again, loves your state, Randy Weber
Thank you Randy
Great job, thank you
One of the best lawyers you'll ever find
He's slick, he's smooth, but boy he's loyal, he's talented and he's got them all buffaloed because they're not as good as him, John Ratliff, thank you John
A man I saw on television last night defending me, brilliantly defending me
I actually don't like doing this usually, but I tweeted out, I said, Thank you very much Brian Babin
That was a great defense, I appreciate it
Thank you Brian, that was great last night
See I put a tweet out because it's easier than making a phone call and talking for a half hour, thanks Brian
I just said thanks
And you know what, he'd rather have that too actually, right? And Lance Gooden, special person, Lance Gooden,, thank you Lance
Thank you, Lance
And Lance was one of 60 people that stuck in there, he was unbelievable
And Ron Wright, thank you, Ron
Great job
Great job
These are great people
These are great people along with Republican party chairs and all of these total winners
Here's one, Ronna McDaniel, I'll tell you what, you know, Ronna was the head of Michigan
Michigan hadn't been won by a Republican for decades and it was tough
They all said you couldn't win Michigan
I said, Why? We're getting these massive crowds, why? And she was in charge of Michigan and I said, I want you to do me a favor
Find out who this woman is
She's driving me crazy
She calls me, Just one more trip, sir, one more trip
Who is she? Who is she? And it was Ronna and we won the State of Michigan, we won
And when it came time, when it came time to picking somebody to head the RNC, Republican National Committee, I said, What about that woman that drove me crazy from Michigan? And it was Ronna and she's done a fantastic job
Thank you, thank you, Ronna
Thank you, she's fantastic
And a great governor from your state, he's a great, great man and a friend of mine
And together with your Lieutenant Governor Dan Patrick
Well you had a hurricane, two years ago now
They still keep calling me for money
Sir, could you give us another? When the governor called up, Dan was there, Thank you for being so generous to Texas, sir, the hurricane
It was a big one, it was a bad one
A lot of water dump
I think the biggest dump of water, remember kept going in and out, in and out
Our Coast Guard saved 16,000 lives
But it kept going in and out, water, water
And finally I get a call
I paid billions and billions of dollars to the state
Like numbers, my people are driving me crazy
I get a call from the governor and Dan is there
Where's Dan? Is he here? Where's Dan? Dan, Dan Patrick
And the two of them call me
And then I had Ted Cruz on my back and I had John Cornyn on my back and I had the Congressman calling and it was brutal, it wasn't even fair
And they said, Sir, thank you for being so generous on the hurricane
They made a fortune
You made a fortune on the hurricane
Thank you for being so generous, sir
Sir, we want one more small request, just a small, it's not much and we appreciate your listening to us
We want to build a dam in the ocean so that if we ever have another hurricane, sir, the water won't be able to come into Houston and all of the areas that have came into, sir, do you think we could do it? I said, How much? It's only $10 billion
$10 billion! Right Ted, right? $10 billion they wanted, 10
And you know the way they sell it and it's so good they're salesman, they're incredible salesman
They say it's only 10 billion
I'm supposed to be happy
Oh, let's see, could we give Texas an extra 10 billion for some, crazy thing that may work and it may not, right? No, they're great people
They love your state
RNC, co-chairman, Tommy Hicks, a real friend of ours
Thank you, Tommy
And our great campaign manager, the most sophisticated man with a computer you've ever seen
Remember they used to say with Hillary, her campaign is so sophisticated
Then after she lost, they said, Trump's campaign was so sophisticated
And remember she spent like six times more on this stuff than we did
You know the old days, my father taught me, if you can spend less, that's a good thing not a bad thing, right? My father said, if you can spend less
So we spent much less then Hillary, crooked Hillary, crooked Hillary
Where are those emails, Hillary? They may find those 33,000 emails
They're looking, they may find those deleted emails
They may find them
Remember the emails, 33,000 emails covering her gym and her daughter's wedding, 33,000 that's a lot of emails for a wedding and working out
But Brad Parscale did a great job
Thank you, Brad, thank you
Thank you, Brad
And Secretary of Commerce, one of the legends of Wall Street, he was really like amazing and he is doing an incredible job, Wilbur Ross
Thank you, Wilbur
Smart guy
And a friend of mine, he's another one
He was so tough
He was nasty, man
Boy, he hit me during the campaign
I said, That guy's ruthless
And when it was sort of over, there was nobody more gracious and I called him, I made him Secretary of Energy, he's done a phenomenal job
And Rick Perry couldn't have done a better job, truly, truly
And he's going to be leaving at the end of the year and probably coming back here
Whatever he does it's going to be successful
But he spent three years with us and I want to thank you, Rick, what a job you done, thank you
What a job he's done
He was also a great governor of Texas that you know
In everything we do, we're fighting for the faithful citizens of this country
This includes putting a stop to the catastrophic era of endless wars
Endless wars, they don't stop
They don't stop
They go on forever
We become policemen
We end up becoming police, were policing these countries
That's not what it's about
We've spent eight trillion dollars in the Middle East
Thousands of American soldiers have lost their lives
Tens of thousands more have been severely wounded, and in all fairness, the other side has lost millions of people
Millions, millions of people, think of it
These wars brought mass chaos, instability, destruction and death
Today we choose a different path
We had tremendous success today
I don't know if you've seen it
We built in the last three years, we built the strongest military by far
And I told this story, I was embarrassed to tell it, but now I'll tell, when I first got in, a general told me we could've had a conflict with someone said, Sir, we don't have ammunition
And I said, I never want to hear a president  I just never want to hear somebody have that statement made to them again as President of the United States, we don't have ammunition
Think of how bad
Now we have so much ammunition we don't know what to do with it
And as you all know, I guess you've been watching today
I sent Vice President Pence and Secretary of State Pompeo to lead an American delegation to meet with President Erdogan of Turkey
They got there today and it did work
Without spilling a drop of American blood, not one drop of American blood
We've all agreed on a pause or a ceasefire in the border region of Syria and it was unconventional what I did
I said, They're going to have to fight a little while
Sometimes you have to let them fight a little while
Then people find out how tough the fighting is
These guys know right up here, these guys know, right? Sometimes you have to let them fight like two kids in a lot
You got to let them fight and then you pull them apart
But it was unconventional, but they fought for a few days and it was pretty vicious
And the Kurds, who are our friends and Turkey's our friend
But they fought, it was tougher
I mean it was nasty and you couldn't make a deal for 15, think of it, for 15 years, 20 years, they couldn't make a deal
The Kurds didn't want to move
Turkey didn't want to budge, and Turkey was having a lot of bad things happen from this region
In all fairness to Turkey, they were having a lot of bad, but they didn't  Now all of a sudden they're fighting and it's not fun having bullets going all over the place
And we went there and we said, we want to pause, and the Kurds have been terrific
They're going to move back a little bit
We're going to keep ISIS all nice and locked up, okay
We're going to find more of them
And Turkey's all set and President Erdogan one was great and we're going to take the worst sanctions and tariffs and everything that I put on the country, we put the worst, I mean, I don't think they could have economically survived, but that doesn't matter
President Erdogan was a gentleman
He understood it, but without a little tough love
You know what tough love is, right? Without a little tough love, they would have never made this deal
President Obama lost a million people in the area, a million people, a million people
So now we're doing a five day period, we're going to see if we can get it all finalized and I think it will be, I think it will be
So Turkey's going to be happy
The Kurds are going to be happy, ISIS is going to be unhappy
We'll deal with whoever we have to deal with, but we'll get it done
And it's a great tribute to a lot of very talented people and thank you to Vice President Pence and thank you to Mike Pompeo
Good job, good job and they're traveling back to our country by night
They're traveling back and they'll be back soon and we'll have a big conference on it
But it was a terrific thing and we've taken care of a lot of religious persecution
We added that in
A lot of things are in that agreement that nobody ever thought possible
So we have to fundamentally change our approach to Homeland Security as an example
In that example, nobody would've ever done that
You have to be a little bit different to do it that way
I took a lot of heat, even from some of our Congressman, even from some of our Senators, but now they're all happy and I'm happy with them
I'm happy with them
Now, I don't know what about the Democrats? The Democrats will say, Oh, what a terrible  Anything we do the Democrats will criticize
If I said, like on the China deal, We get Beijing for one dollar
They would say, What a terrible deal
It just doesn't work with them
You know the wall
We spend so much time with them on the wall and I realized about two weeks ago, all I had to do is say, We will never build a wall
And they would have come through and they said, We demand that you build it
It would have been so much easier, right
Would have been so much easier, Ted, would've been so much easier
American combat troops should not be at the center of ancient sectarian conflicts all over the world
Bring our soldiers back home
Bring our soldiers back home
The same people pushing us to fight endless wars overseas want us to open our borders to mass migration from these war torn and terror afflicted regions
Their policies would import terrorism right onto our shores with American issued visas
Oh, isn't that wonderful? And by the way, the Democrats want open borders
They want everybody to flow in
They want those caravans to flow in, the caravans
And they wouldn't get rid of the loopholes
But you know what? Mexico's been great
Mexico today had 27,000 soldiers on our border and we've stopped this horrible migration of people
And many of them are bad people
You know when countries send them up, they're not sending their finest, okay, use your heads, they're not sending their finest
You've got to see some of the people
But now we send them back
And by the way, ICE is fantastic
They've taken out thousands and thousands of MS-13 killers
They've taken thousands of killers and brought them back
And now we've made deals with Guatemala and Honduras and El Salvador and Mexico
But we've made deals now where we can bring back, there are 45,000 people waiting in Mexico
But it's going to be very tough for these people ever to get back
When did you ever hear that? Used to have no people waiting in Mexico
They just flooded
Our borders are getting strong
When the wall is complete, there'll be as strong as any borders anywhere in the world
My administration believes in a simple principle, the best way to keep foreign terrorists out of America is deny them, just deny them admission in the first place
It's really pretty simple
And that is why I have imposed, and we had passed and we won at the United States Supreme Court, a travel ban on some of the world's most dangerous countries and places
But if Democrats seize power, they would throw the floodgates wide open, wide open
We would have people coming into our country, look at what's going on in California and the people of California don't want it, they say, come into California
We'll give you free healthcare, free education
Why wouldn't  I may even move to California if they keep going
No, but all it does is it brings everybody in
What's wrong with these people? We're rebuilding our military stronger than ever before and we are not going to deplete it again on stupid, senseless, endless wars
We've invested more than two and a half trillion dollars restoring our armed forces and all of it was built in the USA and that includes approving the construction of almost 200 F-35 fighters, stealth, stealth
And many of them are built right here, right here
You know that right, in Fort Worth
As we restore our security, we're also restoring our prosperity
America is winning again and America is respected again
And by the way, I have to say this, so outside they have close to 30,000 people
And I wonder if I could ask the Fire Marshal, fill up this little area, let them in, it would be so nice
You know they have a certain max, we broke the record tonight
Good place
Last month, unemployment reached its lowest level in 51 years
Seven million Americans have been lifted off food stamps since the election
What a great  One point three million children have been lifted out of poverty, think of that
And African American, Hispanic American and Asian American unemployment rates have reached the lowest levels in history
Our great Hispanic American population has reached a poverty level, which is a all time low in U
S
history
And after years of stagnation, wages for Hispanic Americans are rising fast, up nearly eight percent since my election and everybody in the fake news would have said that's absolutely impossible
Medium income, think of this, median income for Hispanic Americans has surpassed $50,000 a year for the first time ever
With Republicans in Congress, we passed the largest package of tax cuts and reform by far in American history
By the way, the Democrats want to raise your taxes, you know
I don't mean a little bit
I don't mean a little bit
I mean like double them up, triple them up and it's still won't pay for the nonsense they want
We eliminated a record number of regulations and we ended the war on a thing called American energy, which is very good for Texas
Since my election, natural gas production in Texas has increased 35% and oil production has increased by 60%, six oh
And the United States is now the number one producer of oil and natural gas anywhere in the world, world
Yet every major Democrat running for president wants to abolish all production of oil and natural gas
I think they want to go to windmills, windmills, you know
Darling, I want to watch Trump speak tonight
We can't darling, the wind isn't blowing
They want windmills
In other words, they want to annihilate your Texas economy
Can you imagine? No more oil, no more natural
So here we have a few people, right? No guns, no religion, no oil, no natural gas
Abraham Lincoln could not win Texas under those circumstances
Couldn't do it, couldn't do it, Ted
Couldn't do it, Louis
Abraham Lincoln, Honest Abe, couldn't do it, Louie, right? Remember I used to say I can be more presidential, look
I've always said I can be more presidential than any president in history except for Honest Abe Lincoln when he's wearing the hat
That's tough, that's tough
That's a tough one to beat
No, it's much easier, being presidential is easy
All you have to do is act like a stiff, look
Remember the last election, they said these phonies in the back, they said, Texas is in play
They said you'd toss in play too
And I came here, we had rallies like this
Thousands of people outside that couldn't get in
And I said, Why is Texas in play? They say because it's voting, it's suppression
They try and get your hopes down
They're suppressed
This is just like fake news
But they said Texas, they said Texas is in play
Ladies and gentlemen, Texas is play
This is CNN, Texas is in play
President Trump  And I had guys on from Texas and they're wearing cowboy hats
Sid and a lot of guys
They go, I don't know about you, but I know something about Texas and Donald Trump is not going to lose Texas
I can tell you that and Texas is not in play
00 o'clock and usually they have to take hours and sometimes at least even if it's big, they take a half an hour
The Texas polls have closed and usually if it's close, it takes hours
And if it's not even just like so close, it takes a long time
So they go, Ladies and gentlemen, the polls have closed in the State of Texas
Donald Trump has won the State of Texas
Right, Donald Trump
And we won by a lot
We won by a lot
And we won Florida and we won South Carolina and we won Georgia and we won North Carolina and we won Pennsylvania
We won a lot
Remember these phony people, there is no way to get to 270 you had to get to  So I kept going to Maine
I love Maine, but Maine too, you get one
It's cut in half
Maine too you get one
I went there four or five times because  They got me up, the phonies, they got me up to 269, couldn't get to 270 so I went  I won, by the way, I won Maine too
I got one
But I went there and I went there a lot
That's the beautiful thing about the electoral college, you go everywhere
You don't just spend the three  winning the popular vote would be much easier
I'd rather have that
I'd go to four states and relax
I went to 21 States
I used to be a believer in the other, but I think winning  It's like you're a track star
You're working out for the a hundred yard dash or the mile, it's a different form of training
It's a different form
But we did great
They said he cannot get to 270 and they were right
We got to 306
After decades of economic surrender, I have taken historic action to confront China's-  have taken historic action to confront China's rampant trading abuses, and we've made great progress
And our relationship with China is fantastic, and great things are happening
You watch
They get it now
They get it
And a lot of good things are happening
We're replacing NAFTA with disastrous, I mean, it's been, to me, probably  I used to call it the worst trade deal in history
I think the World Trade has been  WTO, what a real beauty, the World Trade Organization
That's a real beauty
They consider China a developing nation
And because you're a developing nation, Ted, right? They consider China to be a developing nation, and because they're developing, they get tremendous  And we wrote them letters
We don't consider them to be a developing nation
We don't consider India to be a develop because they're ripping us off
And we didn't win any cases at the WTO, and now we just won $7
5 billion of countries that were taking taking advantage of us
And we've won a lot of cases lately
We didn't win anything for years practically
Now we've won a lot of cases
You know why? Because they know I'll leave if they don't treat us fairly
They know it
And then the piggy bank is gone where they all rob from
We're replacing the NAFTA disaster
And we have to get this crazy Nancy Pelosi to put this thing up for a vote
We have to get her
And the USMCA is a giant victory for Texas farmers, ranchers, manufacturers, workers, and oil
The Democrats should pass it, overwhelmingly
They will
But Nancy has to put it up for a vote
Do-nothing Democrats
They're do-nothing
Nowhere is the Democrat betrayal of our nation more dramatic than on immigration
In recent debates, did you see these debates? Do you believe what I'm competing with? I don't know, when I had to compete with Ted Cruz, that was brutal
He was the national debate chamption, a story I've never told
I never did that before, right? I ran for office
All of a sudden, I'm supposed to be debating tomorrow night
 Who are these people? The hell, I don't know all of them
I know a lot of them
I contributed to a lot of them
They used to treat me very nice when I contributed to them
Not so nice when I was their opponent, that changed a lot
 Let me see, I want to see, who are these people? I'm going to a debate
I never debated
My whole life has been a debate, but I never debated with a podium, and this, and that
 Who are they? And we had 17 people, plus me
We had 18
It was actually not 17, it was 18
Remember Gilmore? Nobody remembers him
But we had 18 people
I said, Who are these people? Are they any good at debating? And I hired a debate coach, and he lasted for about 10 minutes
 This guy knows less than I do
He didn't know anything
He didn't know anything, it's true
He said, Never ever interrupt while they're speaking
 Okay, coach
Put me in, coach
And after a couple of those statements, I mean  I mean, you can't beat Ted Cruz if you don't interrupt him
It's impossible
But my first  It's true
So I see, Let me see the cards
Let me see the whole thing
I want to see it
I need help
I'm going to be debating in front of millions of people
And everyone's saying, Do you think Trump's going to be able to debate professionally?  Let me see these cards
 You know, he was president of his class
One guy was a good debater in college
He was this, he was okay
But they give me the first card, Ted Cruz, and it says, National debate champion from Princeton
Is that right? And then, National debate champion from Harvard
 My potential first lady, I got a problem
 Some of these guys are okay
They were only president of the class
Almost all of them ran for president of the class
I never did
I liked playing baseball better
But I said, Melania, and I called Ivanka, I called my kids, I said, I got a problem
Ted Cruz was the national debate, he was the number one guy in college
He was the number one guy in law school
How the hell do I beat a guy that's that good at debating? But we came out okay, Ted
And Ted, Ted was tough
Smart as hell and tough
Tough
Good man
But it is true
The first card I looked at, seriously, it was Ted Cruz
And he was literally, I mean, national debate, he was the best in all of college and in law school
And he's a talented guy
No, he says
I don't think so
Every single Democrat candidate for president raised their hand in favor of giving free healthcare to all illegal aliens
They want to give more to illegal aliens than they give to American citizens
You see that
As president, I will never allow the Democrats to take away your healthcare dollars and give them to people that are in our country illegally
Can't do it
In fact, I just signed an executive action to protect American healthcare benefits for all American citizens
Among those hardest hit by illegal immigration are millions of legal immigrants right here in Texas, including millions of patriotic, hardworking Mexican-Americans who play by the rules, pay their taxes, follow our laws, and strengthen our communities
Whether you are a first-generation or tenth-generation, and every American citizen, and you do, you've been treated so badly
But you're not being treated badly anymore
You know? We got rid of the individual mandate from crazy Obamacare
Every American citizen deserves a government that defends your jobs, your safety, your family, your borders, and is always loyal to you for a change
We're loyal to you
My administration has reduced illegal border crossings by over 60% since May
And that's with no help from the Democrats
They won't close up the loopholes
They won't close the loopholes, and we could do it in 15 minutes
And we're building the wall and we're doing all of these things, but the Democrats won't close up the loopholes
You know what the loopholes are, right? How about catch and release? You catch them
You say, Hello, darling, how are you? Could you please give us your name and phone number? They don't have a phone
Could you give us your address? They don't want to have That have a phone? Could you give us your address? They don't want to have an address that's in Honduras
Could you please give us your address and your name? They can't
They say, That's okay
We catch and we release, and they go into our country
And then we are getting them out of the country
And you know what? Some are very good people
Some are unbelievably dangerous and bad people
And we're focusing on the bad and they're getting the hell out of our country
Okay? While we're fighting for shared priorities, the American people, the Democrat Party has never been farther outside of the mainstream
They've gone nuts
Every Democrat running for president is pushing a healthcare agenda that would utterly eviscerate Medicare
My administration will always protect Medicare for our beloved seniors
And we will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions
Our ambitious campaign to reduce the price of prescription drugs has produced the largest decline in drug prices in over 51 years
People don't talk about it
The press will not talk about it
We have news conferences
We tell them this, they will not put it in the press
You have no idea how dishonest the media is
You have no idea
Virtually every top Democrat also now supports late-term abortion, ripping babies straight from the mother's womb right up until the moment of birth
And that crackpot governor from Virginia executes the baby after birth
You saw that, right? After birth
You remember that one from last year
That's why I've asked Congress to prohibit extreme late-term abortion, because Republicans believe that every child is a sacred gift from God
Democrats are now the party of crazy politicians, high taxes, high crime, open borders, late-term abortion, socialism, and blatant corruption
They're corrupt, like Schiff is corrupt
He's corrupt
The Republican Party is the party of the American worker, the American family, and it's the party of the American Dream
It's also the party of Honest Abe Lincoln
We forget that
We got to use that more often
Don't you think? Honest Abe
I liked Honest Abe
We've confirmed  He says Honest Donald
Thank you
Explain that to them
You're right
We've confirmed 152 federal judges to apply the law as written, including two Supreme Court justices, Neil Gorsuch and Brett Kavanaugh
When I got into office, they say the most important thing a president can do, I actually think it's defense, but they say is the appointment of federal judges
So when I got in, always, when you get in, there are none
 How many do you have? I have none
None
So I got to, I say, How many federal judges do I have? Sir, you have 142 federal judges
No, you don't understand the question
That's impossible
That would mean that President Obama didn't appoint 142 judges
You get none
Or you're doing a bad job as president because you're representing a different philosophy
Very different
 Actually, sir, the number is 142
We were right the first time
 Obama was  He's such a wonderful president
How are you a wonderful president when the most important thing you can do, you handed over to the Republicans
142
How is that good? I mean, how is that good? If I were a Democrat, I wouldn't be too happy about that number
And we'll have a record number of judges by the time our term is over in 16 years, maybe 20
I'm only kidding
I'm only kidding because every time I do that, they say, See, he's assuming control
We have this crazy guy on television
And he goes, You know  he's talking to a guest, he goes, You know he's going to win, don't you? You know he's going to win
I mean, we've done a good job
He should be happy
But he said,  Our military, our schools, our this, everything
He says, You know he's going to win
And the guest goes, Well, no, we're going to fight
We're going to fight
No, no, he's going to win
And you know he's never leaving
You know that, don't you? He's never leaving
He's never going to leave
And I thought this wacko was kidding
He's a comedian
I thought he was kidding
He's serious
He really believes that
We passed, for the veterans, VA Choice and VA Accountability on behalf of those great people
They've been trying to pass it for almost 50 years
They couldn't get it done
But those guys right there, and me, we got it done
And to protect American security, I withdrew the United States from the horrible one-sided Iran nuclear deal
I recognized Israel's true capital and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem
And we also recognized Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights
For years, you watched as your politicians apologized for America
You've seen it many times
Oh, I'm so sorry
Now you have a president who's standing up for America and standing up for your great state of Texas
 about you
I'm doing this for you
You know, we had, in 2016, I really believe it was maybe the greatest election
I guess George Washington was good, right? But that was easy
And by the way, he did even better percentage-wise in judges than I did
He had 100%
but we could have 50%
That's not bad
And I had many more than he had
So I guess you got to give George Washington, what do you think, Ted, you got to give him something? I'd say Honest Abe, that was a pretty good election, right? Andrew Jackson, they say ours topped Andrew Jackson
But Andrew Jackson was a good election
But we had among the greatest elections of all time
But we have to now cement that election
We got to cement it
And once we do, it's going to be very hard to take this beautiful experiment apart
That'll be very hard
Because it's all about your family
It's all about your future
And it's all about the future fate of our great country
So important
With your help, we will lift millions of more citizens from welfare to work, dependence to independence, and poverty to prosperity
Together we will elect a Republican Congress to create a safe, modern, fair, and lawful system of immigration
And by the way, thank you, Robert Jeffress, for being here, wherever you may be in this massive  Wherever you are, Robert
Where is he? He got up, he started saying, He may not be the greatest person
I said  This is like four years ago, I see this guy, what a mouthpiece, this guy
And he's a man of God
 He may not be the greatest, he may not be the most perfect Christian
He may not know the Bible as well as some of us, but he's a leader
And I love Donald Trump
 Who is that guy? I love that guy
Robert Jeffress
Wherever
He's a great guy
Got a big, big group of people on Sunday mornings too, I can tell you
We will enact trade deals that result in more products proudly stamped with those beautiful words, that beautiful phrase, I love it, Made in the USA
We will achieve new breakthroughs in science and medicine, finding new cures for childhood cancer and ending the AIDS epidemic in America in less than 10 years
We're doing that
Who would have believed we could do that? We're doing that
And the previous administration spent no money on that, and we're spending a lot
But think of that
Who would have thought that we're going to end, within 10 years, the AIDS epidemic in our country? Who would have thought we've advanced that far? We will defend privacy, free speech, free assembly, religious liberty, and the right to keep and bear arms
Above all, we will never stop fighting for the values that unite people all across our land and throughout the great state of Texas
This is a great state
We support, protect, and defend the Constitution of the United States
We stand with the incredible heroes of law enforcement
Thank you
We believe in the dignity of work and the sanctity of life
We believe that faith and family, not government and bureaucracy, are the true bedrocks of our society
We believe in the creeds of self-reliance, personal responsibility, and American independence
We believe that children should be taught to love our country, honor our history, and always respect our great American flag
Loyal citizens like you helped build this country
And together, we are taking back this country, our country
We love our country
We're returning power to you, the American people
That's what we've done
From Dallas to El Paso, from Houston to Austin, from the Red River to the Rio Grande, this state was settled by some of the toughest men and strongest women ever to walk on the face of the earth
Texas
This is the state where William Travis, James Bowie and Davy Crockett made their last stand at the Alamo
This is the state where a small band of patriots at the Battle of Gonzalez, armed with a single canon, stared down a foreign army and declared,  Come and take it
 they loved their families, they loved their country, and they loved their God
These courageous Texas patriots did not shed their blood, sweat, and tears so that we could sit at home while others try to erase their legacy, demolish our liberty, and destroy our proud American heritage
We will never, ever allow that to happen
With your help, your devotion, and your drive, we are going to keep on working
We are going to keep on fighting
And we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning
We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God
And together we will make America wealthy again
We will make America proud again
We will make America strong again
We will make America safe again
And we will make America great again
Thank you, Texas
Thank you

Thank you

I worked so hard for this state
I worked so hard
You just got two of the greatest trade deals, and add Japan to it, by the way
Let's make it three, 40 billion from Japan, USMCA, all done
China, all done for the farmers
It's done, that I can tell you
You're going to have to get bigger tractors and a hell of a lot more land
You've got to produce a lot of product
I don't know if you can, but, hello Des Moines
It's great to be with you
I'm thrilled to be back in American heartland with thousands of loyal, hardworking American patriots
Great people
This November we're going to defeat the radical socialist Democrats that are right down the street
I mean, I don't even know
I just saw, New York Times, can you believe? Failing New York Times When we leave in 10, 14, 18, 22 years from now, the New York Times will be out of business and so will a lot of others
But, did you see they did a New York Times poll, I think, and Sienna, Sienna, New York Times of Iowa, and they have me pitted against every one of the Socialists, and we're winning by a lot
Everyone
We're beating them all
We're beating them all
We're beating them all
We're beating them like they haven't been beaten before
You know all the noises about their crazy debates, nobody's watching their debates, but it's all about their debates
They don't care about the farmer
Everything out here, they love Trump, and you should love Trump with what I've done
So, we're going to win the great state of Iowa and it's going to be a historic landslide
If we don't win, your farms are going to hell
I can tell you right now
Sell, sell, they'll be saying Sell
No, we love the farmers, and we love the ranchers, and we love the manufacturers, frankly
You got plenty of that too in this state
The great state, and you have a great governor, by the way
You have a great governor
But every day we're achieving extraordinary victories for the citizens of the Hawkeye State
The Iowa unemployment rate has reached an all time low in history
That's not bad
That's not bad
Oh, let's vote for Pocahontas
Let's vote for Bernie
Let's vote for sleepy Joe
He's falling asleep
Joe, Joe, Joe
He always gets the name wrong
How many times has he missed it? He's in Iowa
He says, Great to be in the great state of Ohio
They say, Joe, you're in Iowa
You can't do that
No matter how great you speak
If you're Winston Churchill, if you make that mistake at the beginning of your speech, it's over
You might as well just wrap it up
There's the fake news
They would just absolutely destroy you
They would absolutely destroy you
You can't do that
You can't do that, Joe, sleepy Joe, but you have these guys
You have these people
How about Buttigieg? Buttigieg
They call him mayor Pete
You know why? Because nobody can pronounce his name
Nobody has any idea
Buttigieg
They say, Say edge edge
He presides over a city that's failed
It's doing so badly, in a state that's having the greatest year they've ever had, and they have a great governor also, and they had a great governor
You just heard from him, right? The great state of Indiana, so I don't see that one
Go down the line
We have some people
Let's not talk about them
What happened to mini Mike? Where is he? He's not running
He's skipping four or five states
Mini Mike
I've had him up to here
More people are working right now in Iowa than ever before
Now think of it
Think of it
Yesterday we replaced a NAFTA disaster with the incredible brand new U
S
Mexico Canada Agreement
The USMCA, you know when you have a hard time with that one, memory is a great thing
I've always had a great memory for whatever reason, but memory is a great thing
Having a great memory, but sometimes you take little clues
USMCA
Thank you, darling
I love you, too
Where is that person up? Look at that
Wow
What a good, strong voice
But you know how you remember it? The song I just walked in on
They're playing the song YMCA
So, when you're having a hard time, gee, what's U-S, just think of the song YMCA, and you'll remember it, USMCA
It's a massive win for Iowa farmers and workers of all kinds
It's a massive win and it creates some fairness with Canada
It creates fairness with Mexico
Probably the biggest reason that I ran was the unfair trade that I've seen, and one after one, China, Mexico, Canada, Japan, South Korea, we've made all these deals, and we have plenty left over
Plenty left over
Europe, Europe, Europe is next
I wanted to finish China before we started on Europe
I like to do them one at a time, one at a time
I'm a very organized person
But weeks ago we also signed a terrific new trade agreement with China that will boost American agriculture by $50 billion every year, and many other businesses like manufacturing, banking, finance, overall $250 billion, and you know with the farmers, because I have a place in my heart for the farmers big
I went and I saw Ambassador Lighthizer's in charge, he's fantastic
I said, What are you doing? We're getting ready for the final deal
What are you doing? He said, I'm putting in $20 billion
Because I asked Sonny Perdue
He's great
You know who he is, right? Secretary of Agriculture
I said, Sonny, what's the biggest number that China's ever done with the farmers? He said, Sir, $16 billion last year
$16 billion
This was two years ago
I said, So, $16 billion is the biggest, because you know, they targeted you, and now we're friends with China
In fact, maybe we've never had a better relationship and were working with them very closely on the Coronavirus
We're working with them very, very closely
We only have five people
Hopefully everything's going to be great
They have somewhat of a problem, but hopefully it's all going to be great
But, we're working with China just so you know, and other countries very, very closely, so it doesn't get out of hand, but it's something that we have to be very, very careful with, right? We have to be very careful
But I said to Sonny Perdue, Secretary of Agriculture, I said, Sonny, what's the number? 16 and 12 the year before, and you were targeted
I don't blame China
Look, they're smart
They're negotiators
They targeted Trump states
Where do they love Trump? They love him in Iowa
They love him in Nebraska
They love him in all these states
They love him in Wisconsin
They love him
We won Wisconsin
They like him and Wisconsin, and a lot of the farm states, and they targeted
The farmers came to see me and they said, Sir, you have to do what's right
When the fake news would interview farmers, the farmers would say, No, no, President Trump is doing the right thing
It should have been done years ago
Should've been done years and years ago
But you couldn't have made it because there was too much money, $16 billion
So, what I did is I put a 25% tariff on everything coming in from China, $250 billion, and then more tariffs on things beyond the $250 billion market
We took in billions, and billions, and billions of dollars
We still are, and then what happened? When I heard about the farmers and I saw the farmers, they were in the White House
They came to see me
I had 36 farmers and I said, I'm going to give you
They said, Sir, we don't want anything
I said, What do you mean you don't want anything? I've never heard that before
Everybody wants money
They want every
They said, We just want a level playing field
I never forgot it
They said, We don't want anything
We just want a level playing field, and we've been treated badly for years, for years
I said, Well, you haven't been given a level playing field for many, many years, for decades
You haven't been given a level playing field
We're going to give you the levelest field that you ever had
But, but in the meantime, I'm going to give you $12 billion, out of these tens of billions that we're collecting
Don't worry
We had plenty of left over, because we never got 25 cents from China
China took from us
We didn't take from China, right? I said, I'm going to give you $12 billion for the year before, and I'm going to give you $16 billion for this year
That was last year for this year
So, they got, meaning you, a lot of you in this audience, got $12 billion, and you got 16, so you got $28 billion over that short period of time, and you were able to actually, in some cases, I guess thrive
I told Sonny, I want to take care of the small farmer too, not just the big monsters
I want to take care of everyone, everyone
But, I never forgot when CNN fake news and all these people, they go around interviewing the farmers
They could never find anyone saying bad about Trump
They'd go into diners
What do you think about Trump? Isn't it a terrible what he's doing with the trade? The farmer would say, No, he's doing what should have been done 20 years ago
Now, you people are going to make so much money
You're not going to do just, you know what? Just relax
Take it easy
Put it away
Enjoy your life
But you're going to make a lot of money
You're going to make a lot of money
Again, we have never had, because they respect us now, they didn't respect us
We have never had a better relationship with China than we do right now
It's a beautiful story
They respect us
The whole world respects us now
We're respected again
America is respected again
Okay? We're fighting for products made in America and grown right here in this great, great state of Iowa
To keep America safe, we have fully rebuilt the United States military
It's now stronger, more powerful, more lethal than ever before
We have all brand new equipment and it was all built in the USA
Thanks to the courage of American heroes, the ISIS caliphate has been totally destroyed and its founder and leader, the animal known as al-Baghdadi is dead
Crazy Nancy Pelosi said, Don't call him an animal
He's a human being
No, he's an animal
He's an animal
Two weeks ago, at my direction, the United States military delivered another historic win for American justice
Our brave warriors launched a flawless precision strike that killed the world's number one terrorist, Qasem Soleimani
Qasem Soleimani
He was the mastermind of the road side bomb
He loved roadside bombs
When you see your friends and great soldiers of our country and other countries, frankly, walking around, they don't have legs, they don't have arms in some cases
Some cases they don't have both
You see them walking around, or riding around, or the most brave people, these people have the greatest attitude
I go to Walter Reed and I see him and the young man his legs were blown off
How you doing? Sir, I want to get back
I want to get back, sir
I'll tell you, the spirit of these people, it may even top the farmers
It may even top the farmers, which is pretty good
But he was responsible, more than anybody else, 90% they say of these roadside bombs sent to fight us, he was responsible and he took a hard hit
He took a very hard hit
He was responsible for murdering and maiming thousands and thousands of Americans, and hundreds of thousands of other people
Not acceptable
Soleimani was actively planning new attacks, but we ended his bloody rampage forever
Yet, Washington Democrats, true, like crazy Bernie and Nancy Pelosi, opposed our decision to eliminate Soleimani, and to save American lives
That had a tremendous impact
While we're proudly creating jobs and killing terrorists, Congressional Democrats are consumed with partisan rage, and obsessed with a deranged witch hunt hoax
You know, we're having probably the best years that we've ever had in the history of our country, and I just got impeached
Can you believe these people? I got impeached
They impeached Trump
The best trade deals, the strongest military, I took care of the vets
We got choice
We got accountability for the vets, accountability
We got all these things and they impeach your President
No, that's not going to work
Watch, just watch
They want to nullify your ballots, poison our democracy, and overthrow the entire system of government
That's not happening, I can tell you that
Washington Democrats have spent the last three years trying to overturn the last election
Why am I not worried? I should worried
Remember Nixon, it was like a dark period, right? It's a very dark period
It was like oh, you think about it
Right? With Clinton it was not good
They say that with Johnson, it was a long time ago, none of us remember, but they say it was a very dark period
This is a happy period for us
It's a happy period
It's a happy period because we call this impeachment light
This is light
Crazy Schiff
Shifty Schiff
He's a sick puppy
He's a sick puppy
But, you know what? Today you saw it, I hit my highest poll numbers since I got elected because the American people, and frankly, people all over the world, know it's a hoax
They understand it
They know it's a hoax, and we have a great party, the Republican party
They know what's going on
They know what's going on and they're going to treat us very fairly
But, the Democrats are trying to overturn the last election
We will make sure that they face another crushing defeat in 2020
November 3, November 3, mark it off
November 3, mark it off
Was that a great day? 2016 November
Remember? He's not going to do well with this group
I did well
He's not going to do well with that group
I won that group
He's not going to do well here or there
Even the exit polls, they took it right up
You know what they didn't know about the exit polls? When people are leaving, they're always very accurate
People leave
Who you voted for? I voted for Trump
Who you voted for? I voted for crooked Hillary
I don't care that she's a stone cold crook
I'm voting for her
Who are you voting for? I'm voting for Trump, or Clinton, or Trump
They're always very accurate, but this time something happened
Many people, many I like that idea
I like it
I like it
Wouldn't we like to run against her
who's tougher? Her, crazy Bernie, Biden, Buttigieg? Who would be the closest? Buttigieg
I don't know
Maybe we take another crack at crazy Hillary
Would that be okay? She was so easy
Remember that speech so innocently given talking about deplorables
Remember? Remember deplorables? But you know the only thing I didn't understand, I said, That's terrible
But she said another word that was worse
Irredeemables
I said, Boy, shows you how good I am at politics, I said, She's in trouble
She said our people are irredeemable
To me that was worse
Well, it wasn't that word that caught on
It was deplorable
The next day I'm speaking, and women are walking around, I'm deplorable
Everyone's got deplorable
I say, I think she made a bad speech last night
But irredeemable, remember? She called them deplorable and irredeemable, and me being so brilliant, I said, I think that irredeemables going to get her
No, deplorable got her
A lot her like lack of ability
Together we are going to win back the House
We are going to hold the Senate, and we are going to keep that beautiful, gorgeous, incredible White House
People don't realize this is a lot of work
I just left Michigan, and Michigan is booming now because of me, meaning, my people
I say to Prime Minister Abe, he's a friend of mine, Shinzo, Japan, You got to do something
You got these massive deficits for our country
You got to open up plants in Michigan fast, Shinzo
Fast
You've got to do it
Yes, I will do it
He'll do it, and he's doing it
Countries are coming in from all over the world
They're going to Michigan
They're coming to Iowa
They're buying your stuff again, like crazy, like crazy
They're going to Ohio
They're going to Pennsylvania
They're going to South Carolina
They're going to North Carolina
They're going to Florida
They're coming in like never before
They're all coming back
I ran on the issue trade
I ran on a lot of different issues, but trade was one of them
That was so big
To me, it was so big
I used to say, how do we allow these companies to close, fire everybody, go to another country? Mexico, wherever it may be, make product, sell the product into our country, pay no tax
Who the hell would allow this to happen? Who would allow to happen? It's like in South Korea
I went to him, I said, Listen, your deal is no good
We have to make a new deal
South Korea, we're protecting them all, all these different things
I said, Number one, you've got to pay us more
They agreed to
They gave us $500 million a year more
They said, But nobody has ever asked
They gave us 500
That's nothing compared to what they have to do
That's okay
That's okay
They'll pay more
But you know, they made a trade deal with the United States
Hillary Clinton was in charge of the deal, right? She said it's going to produce 250,000 jobs, and she was right
250,000
You know who it was for? For South Korea, not for us, it was for South Korea
So, we renegotiated the deal, if I have your permission, we renegotiated the deal and now we have a good deal with South Korea, okay? This deal is going to produce, remember This deal is going to produce 250,000 jobs for South Korea
She didn't lie
Can't say she lied
She lies about a lot of other things, but she didn't lie
How is she taking her defeat? Okay? I think so
Remember the debate? Do you promise if you lose that you will support the winner and I sort of, I didn't exactly say yes
I didn't say yes, in all fairness, but I got sort of like six the 68% there
But she said, See he won't
She's the one that doesn't do it
No, no, I feel badly because it's too late for her to get in
I kept hoping, but I think, honestly I think that sleepy Joe, crazy Bernie, I don't even want to put Buttigieg in, but I think they'd actually be tougher than her
During this campaign season, the good people of Iowa have had a front row seat to the lunacy and the madness of the totally sick left
This is a radical left people that we're dealing with
Today's Democrat party, I don't say Democratic party, it sounds so much better in a speech, right? Democratic party, the Democrat, but that's not their name
It's called the Democrat party
You know some people aren't allowed to say the Democrat party because it doesn't sound good
I don't even like it
I don't like the way it sounds in this speech, but I'm going to say it because I'm not looking to have them look good
Today's Democrat party is run by left wing extremists who want to massively raise your taxes, increase regulations, cancel your health plans, raid Medicare, shut down American energy, destroy your social security, they will destroy your social security, eliminate religious liberty, punish free speech, confiscate your guns, abolish your borders, and indoctrinate America's children with hateful, left-wing ideology
Other than that, they're okay
Other than that, they're fine people
In short, this election is a choice between American freedom and Democratic socialism, and in some cases, in my opinion, it's worse than Socialism
Socialism's a kind word by comparison
The Democrats will lose because America will never be a socialist country
We can't
They're all watching tonight
They're sitting in their hotel room, little hotels right down the street, and they're looking at this crowd
The press never talks about my crowds
Did you see in New Jersey a couple of nights ago? We had signups for 175,000 people
We had an arena that held about 9,000 people
We could have sold it out 15 times
Okay? They don't talk about that
You know what they talk about? They said Donald Trump who spoke before a nice crowd
If Bernie or sleepy Joe has, I mean Joe had a crowd that was so small the other day that they set up a round table
No, it's true
No, they were in a gymnasium
There were in a gymnasium, and they set up a round table, and people that went there to hear his speech are now being asked, What do you think of socialism? They just said, I just want to be here to watch his speech
They set up a round- They just said, I just want to be here to watch a speech
They set up a round table because the crowd was so small, and then they'll say, It was a brilliant round table
It was wonderful
They never mention crowds
They never mention crowds
They never mention anything
I'll tell you, U
S
M
C
A, The biggest trade deal ever signed in the history of the world
Okay? It is, wait
It barely got any mention
We signed it
It barely got any mention
They talk about the impeachment hoax
They talk about all the other stuff, but the trade deal, that is going to change our country
It's going to bring growth
Wait until you see, toward the end of next year, the growth will be astronomical because of the China Trade Deal, the U
S
M
C
A, Japan, South Korea, Europe, when that happens
It will happen because they have no choice
They have no choice
But in the papers, and on the fake news cable shows, and the regular, look, NBC is horrible, the NBC Nightly News, it's terrible
The good news is people don't watch it like they used to, because they don't believe in it
They don't believe in it
And as Sean Hannity would say, MSDNC, you know what MSDNC is, right, so bad
CNN, total fake stuff
Oops, their camera just went off
Look! The camera just went off! CNN! Their camera just went off
That always happens whenever I say CNN, their camera goes off
But Americans, across the political spectrum, were disgusted by the Washington Democrats, the partisan hoaxes, the witch hunts, the con jobs
It's all a con job
And so, they don't love our country, I swear they don't
You look at Nancy Pelosi's district in San Francisco
It was so beautiful, and now it's a disgrace, being watched all over the world
Needles all over the place, everything else all over the place
I'm not going to get into it, washing down into the ocean, washing down onto their beaches, people living in tents if they're lucky
I mean you never saw anything, living on their most important entryways into what was a great city, San Francisco
What's happened? And all she does is work on the hoax and work on all of the stuff
Really, these people are very, very bad for our country
We have to take back the House of Representatives, we have to
Registered Democrats and Independents are leaving the Democrat party in droves, and we are welcoming these people, and these great voters, to the Republican Party with wide, open arms
And we are thrilled to be joined tonight by a lot of your great leaders, a lot of your really wonderful people
I'm not going to mention all the names, because all those cameras that are rolling, they don't like it when I do it, but one they don't mind is Governor Kim Reynolds
Come up, Kim, come up here! Also first gentleman, Kevin Reynolds, Kevin! Kim, come on, come on
You want to say something? Great, great job
Thank you
Oh, she was driving me a little bit batty
She would call me up, Kim, you would call
What about ethanol? I said Kim, I mean, I'm doing a lot for that place
No, no
We want ethanol
Then, we want biofuel
Then she is asking for things I never even heard of, but we got them all, whatever that hell she wanted, we got
Right? And by the way, Joni Ernst and the great Chuck Grassley are right now in Washington fighting for fairness, fighting the hoax, fighting for all of us
They called, they said, Do you mind if we don't go tonight? We have to stay
I said, I don't want you to be there
I want you to be where you are because they are fighting for us
They are great people
They are great people
And, they would call too
Chuck Grassley, Joni Ernst, they would call, We got to help our farmers, sir
Yes
Okay, we are going to help the farmer
They were great
Lieutenant Governor Adam Gregg
Thank you, Adam
Thank you, Adam
Great job, Adam
Speaker of the Iowa House of Representatives, a man with really fantastic genes, got to have like the best genes in the world
Although you had an ex-governor here that had very good genes, too
We have his son in the audience, too, but this is Representatives Pat Grassley
Those genes, those two young men have the greatest genes anyone has ever had for politics
Thank you, fellas, thanks
I sent one of them, the father to China, and he's now Ambassador to China
Do you think he is happy? Is he happy? I think so
I think he is happy
Great Governor, longest serving Governor in history, actually, 24 years
We have the Chairman of the Republican Party of Iowa, Jeff Kaufmann
Great job
And just quickly, we have the world's tallest campaign manager, Brad Parscale
And Republican National Committee Co-Chair, who has done an incredible job, Tommy Hicks
And we have the great negotiator, the great man, Bob Lighthizer with us here, someplace
Where's Bob? What a job he did negotiating for you
And we have somebody that you never heard of, somebody that's a fantastic person, but you never heard of, somebody named Sarah Sanders
Have you ever heard of her? Come here, Sarah! Come on! That's pretty good! And we have a great football player, from Iowa, Matt Whitaker is here, Matt
Say something
Thank you, Sarah
Very popular
She is a terrific person, great person
Thanks to Republican leadership, American now has the hottest economy anywhere on the Planet Earth, not even close
Every Prime Minister, President, King, Queen, Dictator, whatever you want to call them, they all say, How did you do it? And, the truth is we have certain advantages, but we also have a people advantage
We have the greatest people in the world
I really mean that
Since the election, we have created seven million new jobs
The average unemployment rate, under my administration, listen to this, is lower than any previous administration in the history of our country
Can you believe that? The lowest unemployment rate
African American, Hispanic American, and Asian American unemployment rates have reached the lowest levels ever recorded, think of that
More than two million millennials, you know what millennials are, young, great people with a lot of future, they have gotten jobs, and their wages have grown by nearly 5% annually
That's a record
Another record is that between the ages of 25 and 34, people are now working, and that's a record, the number of people, 25 to 34
And under the so-called Trump Economy, the lowest paid earners are reaping the fastest gains of any group
And that's a great thing
This is a blue collar boom, and that's a good thing too
That's a good thing
Earnings for the bottom 10% are rising faster than earnings for the top 10% for the first time ever, for the first time ever
And median household income is at an all time high, just for one second, president Bush, eight years, $450
President Barack Hussein Obama, eight years, eight years, $975
President Donald John Trump, two and a half years, not three, because the numbers were taken at two and a half, now it's actually higher
Two and a half years, including the tax cuts which are massive, and including all of the regulatory cuts, and the other things you have gotten, $10,000
Think of it
You have eight years, 450
Eight years, 975
Two and a half years, think of it, $10,000
It's one of the reasons the economy is doing so well
And let the people down the road tell you about that, okay? Let them tell you about that
And those tractors that I told you to buy, your tractors will be 60 years old if they have anything to do with it
They will be 60 years old
They will be old, tired, exhausted
Your land will be exhausted
You will be exhausted
We've ended the war on American energy
The United States is now the number one producer of oil and natural gas anywhere on earth, by far
We are also proudly promoting American ethanol, and I recently approved E15 to be used all year round! Biofuel also, but the Socialist Democrats want to shut down American energy
They support Representative Ocasio-Cortez
It's a real beauty
That's a real beauty
That's a beauty
I can't even believe it, but I don't want to knock it, because the Green New Deal, which would crush our farms, destroy our wonderful cows
I love cows
They want to kill our cows
You know why, right? You know why? Don't say it
They want to kill our cows
That means you are next
And they want to wipe out, totally, Iowa ethanol
They want to wipe it out
But we will never let that side get in, and by the way, that's the least of it
But I don't want to attack the Green New Deal, because they might change it
I said to her the other day, they said, What do you think of the Green New Deal? I said, Well, it should be studied carefully
We should look at it, look at it closely
I don't want to talk about until about two months before the election
And then I will tell you how totally insane it is
How about this crazy Senator? How about this crazy, crazy Senator from Hawaii? They said, I'm totally in favor, not the smartest
She said, I'm totally in favor of the Green New Deal
Well, that would mean there's no more airplanes
Oh! They started screaming at her in Hawaii, they said, How the hell are we going to get to Hawaii? They said, We're going to build a railroad
She said that would be the world's longest track
It's the world's longest
She doesn't know that they don't want airplanes anymore, and yet they fly around in brand new Gulfstreams, in brand new planes all over the place
They're flying from place to place
They're talking about the carbon footprint
We're going to destroy the carbon footprint! What time is my plane taking off, please? To lift up forgotten communities, the Republican tax cut launched Opportunity Zones, jobs, and investment, and now rushing into over 60 newly and this is incredible, brand, newly designated Opportunity Zones right here in Iowa alone
Rich people are investing vast amounts of money
Tim Scott, Senator Tim Scott, South Carolina, came into my office
He said, I have an idea that I have wanted to do for years, but we have never had a president that could pull it off
I said, What is it, Tim? And he talked about Opportunity Zones, first time I heard it
And we did it, and there is nothing, nobody has ever seen anything like it
Money is being poured into these communities that would have never been there
What's happening is incredible
Opportunity Zones
Remember it
For decades, politicians ran for office, promising to protect American farmers and workers
You've heard it all your lives, right? But then, they went to Washington
They looked at those beautiful marble columns, and that gorgeous ceiling painted, and all that gold, the way they used to build the buildings, they don't build them that way anymore
We could, but they just don't know how
By the way, we're building the wall
You know the wall is over a hundred miles long
It's over a hundred miles long already and moving fast
They went to Washington and they sold you out
That's what happened
They sold your jobs out
They sold everything out
Globalist politicians allowed other countries to raid our factories, ravage our farms, rob our workers, and ransack our communities
But the era of economic surrender is over, because now we are finally putting America first, America first
Before I took office, Washington looked the other way, while China stole our secrets from American agriculture
Your business, what they do scientifically, nobody understands what they have done to a seed
It doesn't sound complicated
It is genius, what they have been able to do, what you have been able to do
But those secrets were being stolen, stolen
And installed massive barriers to your exports
You couldn't do anything with exports, so people, not only China, many, many other places were stealing your secrets
Our new agreement with China will protect our intellectual property and pry open vast new markets for American beef, pork, poultry, seafood, soybeans, rice, dairy, and much, much more
But you know it is true
China is so big
1
5 billion people
We have 350
1
5 billion people, think of that, and we are just touching it
This deal will be so big
If it all works out, and you have the best product, the best product in the world, if it all works out, it will just keep expanding
250 billion will end up being much, much more than that
And, I've told this story before, when we were signing, we were almost finished and I said, How much are the farmers getting? Meaning how much are they going to purchase from the farmers
And Ambassador Lighthizer said, We put 20 billion, sir
The highest ever was 16, so we made it 20
I said Make it 50
They said, What? And then people, even farm people, said, Sir, we can't produce that much
I said, That's a good problem, not a bad problem
I said, Make it 50, so we now have, in the contract, from 40 to $50 billion worth of purchase
Make it 50, make it 50! Right, Jared? I said, Jared, you better make it 50
I want those farmers to come back, say, Sir, sir, we can't do it
We can't produce that much, sir, what are you doing to us? I don't think that would ever happen? Do you think that would ever, I said they will figure a way
He's going Absolutely not
Nah, I said, Don't make it 20, make it 50
The U
S
M
C
A
is another colossal victory for American agriculture like you have never had before
It's time
We suffered for a year and a half, almost two years
Think of it, but not really because I was able to give you those, I won't call them subsidies
I made that mistake once with the farmers
I said to this group of farmers that came in, Subsidy
I used the word subsidy
That was the worst word, Sir, we don't watch subsidy! Please don't ever use that word
I said, I won't, I promise
Just in that small, little grouping where you were doing nothing
It's called promises made, promises kept
Promises met
The last time I came, I never did this before, I never ran, so they all said, You never ran before
You can't do this if you never ran, so whatever happened, it happened
One by one, they started dropping out, right? And then I was left with one, Hillary Clinton, and that worked out very nicely
He cannot get to 270, remember? 270, electoral college
He cannot get to 270
I went to Maine
It's true, Maine, too
It's got one point, right, one
I went there a lot, many times
Everyone said, well, they kept getting me, maybe if I have a great night, 269, but 269 loses
Right? But we got 306 to 223
306, 223, so they were right, You cannot get to 270, you can get to 306, but not that there is In the eight years before my election, net farm income plummeted by 20%, you know that
If you look at a chart, for 15 years actually, not eight, for 15 years, it's like a roller coaster ride down for the farmer
Soybeans
Take a look at it all
It was just a one way street
Everybody was ripping off the American farmer
Now you're going to see numbers that are going to be great
Look at even what's happened recently
It's incredible what's going on and I love it, because you deserve it
You suffered a lot, with people that were stupid
They were stupid! Under three years of my administration, net farm income has already gone up nearly 50% and will now be rising even faster
What are you going to do? You are going to vote for Bernie? You are going to vote for Bernie? Here I am on the debate stage, Well, net income has gone up for the farmers 50%
Tell me, how the hell do I lose this debate? How do I lose? And based on the polls, I guess I'm not going to lose in this state
I don't think I will lose in any other state either
Because this is really true all over the country
This is happening all over the country, not just Iowa
On no issue have Washington Democrats more thoroughly betrayed the American people than on immigration
Illegal immigration costs our nation hundreds of billions of dollars, drains public services, overcrowds our schools and hospitals, and threatens innocent American lives at a number that you wouldn't even believe
But we have got it closed up, but we're getting your people in
You have people that have worked for you for a long time, don't you? I know who the people that you have, and they are hard workers
We have a lot of great people
You have a lot of great people out there
Right here in Des Moines, a twice deported, illegal alien was charged with shooting and killing a woman, her 11-year-old daughter, and her five-year-old son
In this region of the county alone, last year, ICE officers arrested nearly 4,000 illegal aliens charged or convicted of heinous crimes, including robbery, rape, and murder
Yet today's Democrat Party glorifies illegal immigration
We have no idea, now we do now, but people would come in by the hundreds of thousands
We have no idea who they are
Many are fine people and all of that, but some are stone cold rapists, and murderers, and people that their countries don't want, Guatemala, Honduras, El Salvador, and even Mexico
Right now we have a love affair with Mexico because the Democrats, the Democrats wouldn't give us what we needed and I got Mexico, they're great
They put up 27,000 soldiers on our Southern border and the numbers are plummeting, 87% down
The president of Mexico is doing a great job
And we ended Catch and Release
You think that was easy? Catch and Release, you know what Catch and Release is? You catch a criminal, you take the number, and you release him into the, they would never come back
We say, come back please in three years, this is a Democrat deal
Come back if you don't mind, in three years
We release them into our country
We totally ended it through a very, very slick group of rules
Catch and Release
May we please have your address and your phone number? Here it is! What have you done? I got out of jail
Oh, well, welcome to the United States
Please, we have a little information
Okay, and now we're going to release you, and in three and a half years, we schedule a court appearance for you
Do you believe, this is the only country in the world
They catch somebody on the border
You're supposed to be Perry Mason
You take them to court
Other countries catch somebody at the border
They say,  Sorry, you got to get out
We say, Oh, may we have your information? We're taking you to court
Man
Today's Democrat Party glorifies illegal immigration, vilifies the heroes of law enforcement, and pledges to dissolve immigration control entirely
They want open borders
They want hundreds of thousands of people to flow into our country
And some of those people, some of those people are stone cold killers
Some of those people, in the caravans, right? I came up with that name but they won't give me credit for that
They don't give me credit for anything
They don't give me credit for fake news
Wasn't that my term? Now they say, I see CNN, they said, Fake news has reported, no, no, you are fake news, that fake news is you
You are fake news
They turned the term around
They are reporting that fake news is reporting their fake news
Left wing politicians even support deadly sanctuary cities that release criminal aliens directly into American communities
We don't want them
In New York City, the Mayor's Sanctuary Policy recently forced the release of a-  the mayor's sanctuary policy recently forced the release of a criminal illegal alien charged with assault
After being set free the same criminal raped, brutalized and murdered a 92 year old woman
They wouldn't give him to the ICE warriors
Their warriors
They're tough and they love our country
They're very tough and they love our country
They're taking MS-13 gang members  They're about as tough as you get, they're taking them out of our country by the thousands
By the thousands
That's a tough job but they love to do it
They love our country
Sanctuary city policies aren't just wrong, they're immoral, and they're lethal, and they really are something that has to be stopped
They have to be stopped now
What's happening is a disgrace
Thankfully here in Iowa your great Republican governor, sometimes referred to as Governor Reynolds, signed a state-wide ban on sanctuary cities
Thank you Kim
That is why we need to elect more Republicans nationwide, to end sanctuary cities in all 50 states
Thank you Kim Reynolds
You know I endorsed her, so I want to take full credit for the job she has done
I endorsed her very early, right? Very early I endorsed her
I know talent
She's done a great job
Democrats stand for crime, corruption, and chaos
Republicans stand for law, order, and justice
It's true
We are finding the illegal game members, drug dealers, predators, and we are throwing them the hell out of our country, ideally
We don't want to put them in prison because you know what? We got to pay for them for the next 50 years, but sometimes we have to
If they're too dangerous we have no choice
Thanks to our tireless efforts to secure the border we have reduced illegal border crossings seven straight months in a row, and they're getting lower, and lower
Shockingly, as that wall gets longer, the crossings get less
Remember the Democrats? You don't need a wall
You don't need a wall
You don't need it
Seven years they all voted for it, they just didn't have the ability to build it
You know it's not easy with land, and this, and that, and property, and rights
They couldn't figure it out but I can figure it out
The problem was we couldn't get the money, but we got all the money we need now
We have everything
We have everything
The last time, this last budget, they didn't really fight us on the wall
You know why? Because they learned it's a really bad issue for them
It's a really bad issue
But I made one mistake with the wall
I should have said, We will never ever build a wall
They would have given me so much money to build a wall
That was my only  Because I used to go, We will build the wall, right? That was a mistake
I should have said, We will never ever build it
Under no circumstances, and they would have forced its building and I would have said, Okay
By the way, in all due respect, you know who's going to pay for the wall, right? No, no, they play  The fake news plays
No, no, through remittance illegal aliens from Mexico are going to pay for the call
That's what it is
Remittance
100% because when I say something I mean it
I said I was going to build a wall
You think it's easy when you have a party that controls the House, you got to end that
You got to end that
They said they picked up the House in '18 but I didn't run in '18
You know the big difference when you run, '16 I ran, '18 I didn't run
They did, they picked up some seats
I didn't run, but I'm running this time and we've got to take back the House
Kevin McCarthy will be a great Speaker of the House
Kevin McCarthy will be a great Speaker, watch
But getting something built when you have a party that controls one of the three, getting it built is  Honestly I don't want to brag, nobody else could have done it
Nobody else could have done it
It's The Real Deal wall
It's the wall that border security wanted
Remember I thought I could just build concrete slabs? They didn't want that because you have to be able to see through
I said, Oh come on
This is the expensive version
This is the best version
This is steel, and concrete, and rebar in between
It's really something
Did you see the other day where drug dealers got caught at the top? They couldn't get over
We had to get the fire department to get them down
They couldn't get over and they're like mountain climbers
They got used to climbing
They got caught because you know that panel? That's an anti-climb panel
It's very hot and very tough
It's a very hard panel to climb, the panel on top
Sometimes I'd say, I'd rather do without that panel, because I'm a very visual person
They said, Sir that's anti-climb panel
I said, Oh it is? Okay, let's put it on
To hell with it
It's true
Anti-climb panel
The wall is the top of the line
That's what they wanted
Mostly 30 feet tall
That's very tall
That's maximum
It's really doing a big trick
A lot  Wherever we have it  100 miles is all of a sudden a lot, but where you have that it's incredible
99
9%, especially when we're watching it
We're watching the sections
Illegal crossings now are down 75% since last spring
The powerful border wall was starting to set
I mean pretty soon we'll be setting records in speed
It's going up very rapidly
Very rapidly
You're seeing it all over and it's going to be really something
Look, it would be nice if we didn't have to have it
It would be great, but we have to have it
They said, Oh we could have drones
Oh what are you going to do with drones flying around? When people are going through your border with nowhere  They're going to have drones flying around
They know because they were all for it
They were all for it
Now all of a sudden they're against, but they want drones
Well we're going to have drones too but the drones are policing the wall
In terms of human trafficking, people don't even talk about it
Because of the internet, sadly, the worst in the history of our world
All over the world
Trafficking in women and children all over the world
All over the world
The worst it's ever been, but when we have this border it makes it very, very tough for them to come into the United States with women and with children stuffed in trunks in the back of a car
The Washington Democrats have never been more extreme
132 congressional Democrats have signed up for Bernie Sanders' government healthcare takeover bill
It's a takeover of your healthcare that would strip all of those 180,000 million great Americans of your private coverage
You want that
You got great deals
You're able to negotiate, you're able to keep your doctor, keep your area, keep your hospitals, keep everything that you wanted
Now they want to take it away
Report to an operating room when you have a cold, okay? In your local hospital
I don't think so
180,000 million people, but I'm not going to knock it because I want Bernie to bring it right up to the end and we'll debate it the day before the election
Okay? We are saving your healthcare while Socialist Democrats are trying to take away your healthcare
Sleepy Joe has no idea what he's even  He doesn't even know what he's talking about
He's so lost
Honestly, that poor guys is so lost
They talk healthcare, she said, It's over for him
It was over for him, actually if you knew him, a long time ago
Now it's really over
We are making healthcare better and cheaper
We got rid of the individual mandate, the most unpopular thing, which essentially killed Obamacare
We are protecting people with pre-existing conditions and we always will, the Republican party
We're stopping surprise medical billing and making everything totally transparent
I signed it already
Everything now is going to transparencies, where hospitals, doctors, everybody has to tell you how much things are costing
Watch those prices come down
Right? Right? I have an expert on healthcare
He said transparency because it's a big deal
It's a big deal
Nobody else would have gotten it done, that I can tell you
Transparency is bigger than healthcare because you will see prices tumbling like you wouldn't believe
People go in for a blood test, they get charged $2,700
Down the road they get the same test for $57
The same exact test
Maybe it's better
Maybe it's better
It's crazy
When you have transparency it's all going to come
You watch
You watch
But this person, a real expert, said, This is bigger than healthcare, and I got it done
Unfortunately it won't really start kicking in until after the election because it takes a period of time
They have certain statutory requirements, et cetera
Well you better let me win
Can you imagine? Can you imagine? I did transparency, I took the guts, I did transparency and then I'm going to watch as somebody else says, Didn't he do a great job for transparency? You better let me win because I want the credit for that one
We're buying cheaper drugs from other countries and approving more generic drugs than ever, ever, ever before
We are defending your right to keep the doctor
We are defending your right to keep your plan
Remember Obama 28 times, You can keep your doctor
You can keep your doctor? 28
You can also keep your plan
You can keep it
You can keep it
28 times he lied
We should impeach him
No, he got it on a lie
He got it on a lie, but we've run it much better
But essentially it's totally different because of individual mandate
Because that really took the guts out of it and we're running it much better
I had a choice, do we run it well or do we run it poorly? If we run it poorly everyone's going to blame me
If we run it well everyone's going to give him credit, especially the fakers back there right? But you know what? We got to run it well but we're coming up with a healthcare that if we win the House we will have the best healthcare of any country in the world, by far
We're fighting the lobbyists and we're fighting the special interest, in case you didn't notice
We are serving only you
Thanks to our bold reforms we're now offering health plans that are 60% cheaper than Obamacare
We're offering a lot of different things
We have just passed, recently, 10 months ago, Right to Try
I love Right to Try
You know what that is? That's people are terminally ill and they can't use medicine because  They've been trying to pass this, almost for 50 years
You can't use the medicine
We have the greatest doctors, labs, hospitals in the world
They come up with a medicine but it has to go through the FDA procedure, right? You can't do anything
You can't use it
They won't let you use it
Now I have you sign an agreement, you're not going to sue the United States, you're not going to this, your family, et cetera, et cetera
Very simple
And they can use it
You have no idea the results that are taking place
You have no idea
You have no idea the results
People's lives are being  For me it was simple
I said, Wait a minute, you're worried about hurting somebody? These people are dying
They're terminally ill
They're admitting they're terminally ill and you won't let them use a drug that may work? Let the use the drug
And we're letting them use the drug and it's working in a lot of cases
We have transformed veterans healthcare, including VA Choice
The best
You know I think I'm a totally brilliant human being
I think I'm the smartest person, so I came up with a plan
I'll never forget, I was in New Hampshire, I came up with this idea because everybody kept coming up to me and saying, Sir it's really terrible what's happening with healthcare
We're waiting in line for two weeks, for four weeks, for seven weeks
Honestly people were waiting in line, they weren't very sick, they were terminally ill, truthfully, before they saw a doctor
By the time they got to the doctor
So I came up with this incredible plan
Only I could think of this
I said, Here's what you do  Here's what you do, if somebody can't get a doctor quickly, because we have great doctors at the VA
They don't get enough credit
If you can't get to a doctor quickly you go outside, you go locally, you get a doctor, we pay the bill, you get yourself all better
Right? So I went back
I went back and I told my people, Do you have any idea how smart I am? Listen to this plan I have
They said, Actually sir we've known about that plan for 52 years we just couldn't get it approved
So I said, Oh that's too bad, I thought it was brilliant, but what I am good at is getting things approved and I got it approved
People are using it and it's great
I know the people of Iowa don't care about this but we are making substantial investments in rural healthcare
We are combating the opioid epidemic
Drug overdose deaths have declined for the first time in nearly 31 years
That's a great thing
Our great first lady is helping us with that
That is such a big thing for Melania
Big, big thing
She is really involved
We will never let the Democrats give away your healthcare to illegal immigrants, especially when we say, Come in
Come in, we'll give you healthcare
It's one thing they come in and it's a rough situation because we all have hearts but when people are saying, like in California this wacky governor he says, Come in, we're going to give you healthcare
We're going to give you free education
We're going to give you everything
We're going to give you a beautiful Rolls-Royce
See to show you how fake they are one of the newscasters said, Donald Trump said that the governor of California promised a Rolls-Royce to illegal immigrants
He didn't promise them
This was a lie and a misrepresentation by President Trump
They can't take a little humor
They can't take it
These people are sick
They're sick
No
They're sick people
Them and Shifty Schiff is a very sick person
He lies awake at night shifting and turning, Shifty
Shifting and turning in his bed, sweating like a dog
How am I going to get him? He didn't do anything wrong, how am I going to get him? Oh what a sick guy he is
Virtually every top Democrat also now supports late-term abortion
Ripping babies straight from the mother's womb
Right up until the moment of birth
That is why I have asked Congress to prohibit extreme late-term abortion because Republicans believe that every child is a sacred gift from God
Democrats are now the party of high taxes, high crime, open borders, late-term abortion, Socialism, and blatant corruption
No matter how you cut it, that's what it is
The Republican party is the party of the American worker, the American family, the American dream, and the late great Abraham Lincoln
You know that, right? Abraham Lincoln
Honest Abe
Remember I always said, I can be more presidential than any other past president, other than perhaps Abraham Lincoln when he's wearing the hat, right? Because it's easy to be presidential but only have about three people in front of me
Be a, Good evening ladies and gentlemen
Is everything okay in Iowa? Oh I see, the world is ripping you off
Well there's not a thing I can do about that
Thank you
Good night everybody
Good night
No, we got to do it the right way
Republicans  And by the way, can I be honest? Doing this takes far more talent than doing that
Doing that is very easy
This is not easy
Especially when you just left Michigan, and you just left other places, and you got maniacs doing a number on you all the time for three years
You got the maniacs for three years
I think before I came down the escalator with our future first lady I think really they were doing it then
They started even before I came down on the escalator
These people are maniacs, so you have all that
So you're fighting that and you're doing farm bills
We got your farm bill approved by the way
We got your farm bill approved
I don't even mention that because that's massive by any other standard, but it's peanuts compared to the USMCA and the China deal, right? So I don't even mention it
Anyway, Republicans are fighting for citizens from every background and from every race, religion, color, and creed
It's true
Our numbers with African American workers, people, are through the roof
Are through the roof because  Remember I used to say, What do you have to lose? I'd read the down the worst on crime, the worst on education
They got this, they got that, they got 10 different things, all horrible
One day I'm in front of this tremendous group of people and I'm reading this list, African American, they have the highest crime rate, they have the highest this, they have the worst education, they have the worst schools, they have the worst  I said, Stay with me, because they were with the Democrats for a hundred years, more
I said, Stay with me
What the hell do you have to lose? You know what? You know what? Remember that? Now they have the best employment and unemployment numbers, they have the best poverty numbers, they have numbers that nobody would believe
They're doing so great
It's so great to see it
It's incredible
Youth unemployment, African American youth
It's been great
We're asking all Americans to join our incredible movement
We are a big tent and a big party with big, bold, beautiful ideas for the future
We're what the country was based on originally
It was called greatness
It was called greatness
During National School Choice Week, School Choice everybody, we continue our fight to rescue children trapped in failing government schools
Iowa became one of the first states to pass School Choice
That was over 10 years ago
Now Governor Reynolds, Senator Ernst, Senator Grassley, and more than 100 members of Congress are supporting our plan to give School Choice to every child in America who needs it
It's a great plan
To give former prisoners a second chance at life we passed criminal justice reform
Think of that
Think of that
We had a lot of great Conservatives who wanted it, we had Liberals who wanted it
They couldn't get it passed
President Obama couldn't even come close
He didn't try too hard
He talked like, Oh I'll try
To uphold the rule of law we have confirmed 191 federal judges, a record, who will interpret The Constitution as one
And two great Supreme Court justices, by the way
As part as  Right? Two great ones
As part of my commitment to rebuild our military we secured an $8
5 million facility to support our Iowa Guardsmen at Camp Dodge, right here in Des Moines, Iowa
Right here, Camp Dodge
Camp Dodge everybody
We take care of Camp Dodge
I recognized Israel's true capital and opened the American Embassy in Jerusalem
We recognized Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights
Yesterday we just released a historic new plan for peace
We're going to see if we can get that done
It's one of the toughest deals of all
One of the toughest deals but we have a shot at it
For years you watched as your politicians apologized for our country
They apologized
They would say, I'm sorry
Now you have a president who is standing up for America and we are standing up for the great people of Iowa
We are standing up for Iowa
At stake in our present battle is the survival, frankly, of our nation
Look, I can make this speech really short
All I have to do is say, Hello Iowa, you have no choice
You have to vote for me
Otherwise everything that you've built in your entire life will be gone
Goodbye Iowa, have a good time
Instead I work my ass off up here, okay? Yeah
True
Do you think this is easy? It's a little hot in this room
This room wasn't designed for this many people
If you want your children to inherit the blessings that generations of Americans have fought and died for then we must devote everything we have toward victory in November of 2020
We have to
By the way, for those beautiful farmers that want to leave your small farms or businesses to your children  Because of our great tax bill, the biggest tax cut in the history of our country, the biggest that you benefit by
Because of that there is no death tax or inheritance tax, as they call it
So I always say, If you love your children that's a great thing
If you don't love your children don't leave it to them and that particular tax won't matter, but if you love  Is there anybody here that does not love your children? Is there anybody here who loves your children? Well it's Iowa
It's Iowa
You love your children
You know you have no tax to pay, you leave your 


No, it's great
So when you're looking down at your children you're saying, Oh did you get lucky? Did you get lucky? Look at them, they're enjoying life
But only this way can we save the America we love and drain the Washington swamp once and for all
That swamp is bad
That swamp is bad
I had no idea it was going to be this sick and this degenerated
It's a degenerate swamp
I had no idea
When I came out, I said, We're going to drain this swamp
I had no idea that the swamp was that evil, but we're winning
We're winning because we're in The White House
We're winning
With your help we will lift millions more of our citizens from welfare to work, dependents to independents, and poverty to prosperity
That's what's happening all over our country
Together we will elect a Republican Congress to create a fair, safe, sane, and lawful system of immigration
It's already happening
We will continue to enact new trade deals that result in more products made, raised, farmed, and grown right here in the USA
We will achieve new breakthroughs in science and medicine
Finding new cures for childhood cancer and ending the AIDS epidemic in America in less than 10 years
We've already started
Should have been started in the last administration
Incredible
Should have been started earlier, but we started
In less than 10 years, the AIDS epidemic will be eradicated, will be gone
Who would have thought that was possible? When they came in and told me that a couple of years ago, I said, Really? Nobody knows that
Incredible the strides that we've made
We will defend privacy, free speech, religious liberty and the right to keep and bear arms
In the state of Virginia they want to take your guns away, you believe it? Virginia, I love Virginia
Of all states, they want to take your guns away
The Democrats
Not going to happen
Above all, we will never stop fighting for the sacred values that bind us together as one America
We are one great America
We support, protect, and defend the constitution of the United States
We stand with the incredible heroes of law enforcement
We believe in the dignity of work and the sanctity of life
We believe that family and faith, not government bureaucracy, are the true American way, not government bureaucracy
We believe that children should be taught to love our country, honor our history, and to always respect our great American flag
And we live by the words of our national motto, in God we trust
We live by those words, in God we trust
From Cambridge, good old Cambridge
Who's from Cambridge here please? Cambridge
What the hell do I mention it for when there's two people here? Can I say it anyway? I'll say it anyway
Good place Cambridge
Good, he said it's amazing
Well, from Cambridge to Council Bluffs, from Cedar Rapids where I made my last speech prior to the election
What a place, 32,000 people
I said, I'm going to win tomorrow
To Rock Rapids, from Melbourne to Moorhead, and from Davenport to right here in Des Moines, Iowa
We stand on the shoulders of true red blooded American heroes
This great state was founded by tough, tough, tough frontier men
These are tough people
Let's see how big and how tough
They're tough
Anybody like to join ICE? You want to join ICE? He says, No thank you
And strong pioneer women who defied the dangers to carve out a life and a beautiful home with great families and great neighbors
They tamed the wilderness, braved the elements, tilled the soil, planted the fields and help make this the greatest nation ever to exist on the face of the earth and we are making it greater and greater every single day
Proud citizens like you helped to build this country and together we are taking back our country
We are returning power to you, the American people, where it has always belonged
It's coming back to you, you see that
With your help, your devotion and your drive we are going to keep on working and we are going to keep on fighting and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning
We are one movement, one people, one family and one glorious nation under God
America is thriving like never before and ladies and gentlemen, and especially the great ladies and gentlemen of Iowa, the best is yet to come
True, true
Because together we will make America wealthy again
We will make America strong again
We will make America proud again
We will make America safe again and we will make America great again
Thank you, Iowa
Thank you
Thank you

What a crowd, what a crowd
Get those people over here
See me
Let them come over
What is a big crowd, it's always big
We want to win
We got to win
We want to save our country from the radical left, the radical left crazies
Thank you very much
And hello, North Carolina, hello, North Carolina
We love you, North Carolina
I'm thrilled to be in Fayetteville with thousands of loyal, hard working American patriots
And you know what's going to happen in 45 days from now, and you're watching those polls
They go up, up, up up
45 days from now, we're going to win North Carolina
We're going to win four more years in the White House
As we meet tonight, our nation mourns the loss of a legal giant Supreme Court Justice, Ruth Bader Ginsburg
Her landmark rulings, fierce devotion to justice and her courageous battle against cancer inspire all Americans
You may agree
You may not disagree with her, but she was an inspiration to a tremendous number of people
I say, all Americans Justice Ginsburg's close relationship with a friend of ours, a friend of mine, Justice Scalia, is also a powerful reminder that we can disagree on fundamental issues while treating each other with decency, dignity, and respect
Our thoughts and prayers are with her family
Thank you very much
So Article II of our constitution says the president shall nominate justices of the Supreme Court
I don't think it can be any more clear, can it? I don't think so
I don't think so
What do you think, Thom? Thom Tillis, I don't think it can be any more clear
This can only happen in North Carolina
I hope you hear that back home
Look at all that press
That's a lot of press
That's a lot of fake news
Well, I hope they hear
So the chant, this is a new one
Fill that seat
This is the chant
This can only happen to me
Fill that seat
Now it says the president is supposed to fill the seat, right? And that's what we're going to do
We're going to fill the seat
With a great hat
I want to try one of those hats
I love that
No, think of it
29 times, every single time nobody said, Oh, let's not fill the seat
We won the election
Now then we have some senators that, forget it
Think of it, I won't say it
I won't say it, Susan
I won't say it, Susan
But Thom Tillis is with us
I can tell you that
Great
We have great Republican senators
We have great people and we have a great country
That's really, we have a great country
And we're going to keep it that way
So we win an election and those are the consequences
It's called fill that seat and that's what we're doing
The Supreme Court was a very central issue in both the 2016 presidential election and then the 2018 midterm elections where, by the way, I didn't run
We had a lot of people, a lot of people said, Oh, he really took a little bit of a shellacking
Not nearly as bad as others
In fact, we gained seats in the Senate, but they never talk about that
They don't talk about that
We gained two seats
Nobody talked about it
But we didn't run
And I had a lot of people that, Sir, we'll never vote in 2018
I said, No, no vote, everybody vote
They just didn't
I think we were like 9 million people decided they wanted to wait and they've waited and you see what's going on
You see what's happening
You see the enthusiasm that we have
Which, by the way, we set a record in 2016
The bad news for the Democrats is we are more enthusiastic now
Not even close, than we were in 2016
We are getting crowds and this is pandemic and we're rounding the turn
We're rounding the corner of the pandemic
But we're having them outside
And we shouldn't say this is some kind of a rally from now on
It's called a protest
We are protesters
We're going to call on our rallies that because you see a lot of these, let's call them blue states, we want to be nice
We're going to call it a protest against stupidity
So we are going to have protests against stupidity
And Pennsylvania
Look what they're doing in Pennsylvania
A great state, that's actually something very special is going to happen here, in Pennsylvania
That's a commonwealth
We always have to remember Pennsylvania, commonwealth
Got two of them and you better remember you get in trouble
But we love Pennsylvania
And it's a shut down
The governor's got it just shut down nice and tight
And you know what? On November 4th, it's going to be opened up
Because they're trying to hurt our numbers
But our economic numbers are so good
They're staggering
They're the best we've ever had
Jobs, retail, stock, market, everything
And this is with a lot of shutdowns by Democrats
That's all they're doing
On November 4th, they'll announce, We've decided to open up
One of the teachers groups said, actually, one of the unions and one of the politicians in California said, No, we're not going to do it
We need to do it
We should be open by November 4th
That was not a good thing for them to say
That person I think was fired, I think was fired
In both the 2016 and the 2018 elections, the American people chose a president and a Senate majority united in their commitment to selecting nominees who believe in applying the Constitution as written
Both the White House and the Senate majority have a moral duty to fulfill the promises they made to the voters
And that is exactly what we're going to do
We said that if for any reason, we have a vacancy on the United States Supreme Court, we will fill that vacancy
We're not going to say, and by the way, we have plenty of time
There's a lot of time
You're talking about January 20th
So we will uphold equal justice under the law for citizens of every race, color, religion, and creed
I won't be putting forth a nominee next week
It will be a woman
It will be a woman unless, wait, okay, let's do a poll
Oh, there they are
How many of these have you come to? Speaking of women, how many of, what is this number one? Like 90, they're great
North Carolina, though
I see them all over the place, they're great
Anyway, I hope your husbands are okay with it
Are they okay? They're okay
You have good husbands
But we're going to do a vote
So I said, I love these free polls because pollsters and most of the pollsters are corrupt as far as I'm concerned
If we believed in pollsters we wouldn't be here right now
But we're actually getting very good
We just had a 53 from Rasmussen, which is very good
Considering we won four years ago with a lot lower than 53
History has shown that when you're at 53 you can't lose an election
Has anyone ever lost an election with a 53? The answer is yes, when the other side cheats
That could happen, that could happen
That could happen
You saw what happened in Pennsylvania
Some state supreme court justice just ruled that they can take as long as they want to count the ballots
That means I'll be leading and winning Pennsylvania like we did last time
Yeah, yeah
We'll be leading, we'll be winning Pennsylvania
We're going to win it easy
We're going to win your state easily
And Deb, what a great, she's doing such a good job
But Mark, just a few months ago, I've been trying to get him for three years to leave and we have a great person running as you know
Really, I mean really great
Does everyone know Madison? Yes? You're going to vote for Madison? He's great
He's a great guy
But Mark had a beautiful head of black hair and I just noticed that hair's turning white very fast
But we're doing a job
We're very close to a great deal with TikTok, TikTok but nobody cares about that anymore
All they care about is fill that seat, right? Until about 24 hours ago, that's all they talked about is TikTok, TikTok
We have a deal worked out, I think with Walmart is going to buy it along with Oracle
Larry Ellison, it's going to be an incredible combination
And I said, Do me a favor
Could you put up $5 billion into a fund for education so we can educate people as to real history of our country, the real history, not the fake history
Because we're getting very close to that deal
And all of the technology will be maintained here
They're going to move probably to the great state of Texas
Sorry, we got you a lot of business when it came but they're going to move into the United States, which is what's important
They're moving to the United States, unbelievable company
They're going to have 25,000 jobs
If it all goes, I gave them the preliminary approval
But they're putting up $5 billion
And my only problem is they did it so fast
I should have asked for more
What happened is when I suggested they should put up a lot of money everybody said, senators, congressmen, women, everybody
They said, You can't do that
That's never been done
That's the problem, nothing's ever been done
And we had other companies, a lot of people wanted it
And I said, You got to put up $5 million either to the Treasury of the United States maybe or into some education fund or do something
And they were sort of agreeing with me
They thought it was okay
And then I went to the legal legals here and I said, They're going to put up $5 million, give it to the United States
Sir
,You can't do that
There's no provision
I said, How the hell can there be no provision
We're making the deal possible
Why can't they give us $5 billion dollars? That's b, that's a lot of money
Now, watch the crazy Democrats
They'll go, They should have gotten more money
It's never been done before
They should have, no matter what you do
They should have gotten more
Schumer and Nancy Pelosi, crazy Nancy
But I'll tell you
And I said it last night, we had a great rally
Last night, you saw that in a place that we're going to win
We're going to win Minnesota
Hasn't been won since 1972
And they're all saying, Well, we did give them back the big iron ore range
It was, Obama took it away with the stroke of a pen
He put everybody out of work
We gave it back
But I'll tell you what, we're going to have a victory on November 3rd, the likes of which you've never seen
Now we're counting on the federal court system to make it so that we can actually have an evening where we know who wins
Not where the votes are going to be counted a week later or two weeks later
But in just three and a half years under my administration, we've secured America's borders rebuilt the awesome power of the U
S military, think of that
And I shouldn't say this and the fake news keeps going, Oh, he's given away classified information
No I'm not
We are building and we have built weapons the likes of which this world has never seen before
And I said that a week ago and it was a headline and one of these fake newspapers where, He's giving away confidential information, these people are crazy
No, no
I'm just telling you that- Crazy
No, no
I'm just telling you that President Putin and President Xi of China, Russia, China, North Korea, everybody
They are so envious of what we're doing
They can't even believe it
If they know, they perhaps don't know
Under Obama, they knew immediately, okay
Under us, but we are building weapons, all made in the USA
The likes of which no country has ever seen before
And hope to God, we never have to use them
That's the key, I don't ever want to use them
Remember, I was supposed to be a guy that was going to get us into a war in the first week
Remember that? Where's the war? We're taking them out of Afghanistan
We're almost finished with that
Working along well
We're taking them out of Syria, other than I left some behind for the oil, we kept the oil, is it okay that we kept the oil? Is it okay we kept the oil? Let's go back to my poll
Ready? So we're putting, I think it should be a woman, because I actually like women much more than I like men, I have to say
No, I do
I do, I like women more
So I have to make a decision, to fill the seat, as we say, we should have a new campaign
Let's make a t-shirt, fill the seat
Okay? My people are so good, tomorrow, it'll be all over the place
That's a good idea
That's a good idea
Fill the seat
Okay watch this, so good tomorrow you'll see them all over the place, fill the seat
I don't know how the hell they do it, but they get it done fast
You remember I said, where's Hunter? Where's Hunter? The next day, it was like one of the biggest selling t- shirts where is Hunter? What the hell ever happened? He took the money and he ran I think
Where's Hunter? He took the money, he went to China, he took 1
5 billion
He had no experience
He didn't have a job until this guy became vice president
Then he went to China, he got $1
5 billion
I asked the head of a great company, Blackstone
One of the biggest in the world
I said, Steve, let me ask you a question
Is that possible? No, that's never done
China doesn't do that
Well, how did a guy with no experience do this? He said, Very simple
His father's vice president
Is that what you want? And then Ukraine, $183,000 a month, and a $3 million upfront payment for him and his friends, think of this, with no experience and no job, and they said, do you know energy? It's an energy company that paid it
Do you know energy? No, I don't
I've not familiar with the subject
Our great Congressman
Right? How the hell does this happen? I think it will be brought up into debate
I think it will be brought up in the debate, I think
Where is Hunter? Where is Hunter? You know where Hunter is? He's probably on the Riviera having a very good time
He's giving some great energy advice
He's learning
He's taking a night class on energy for 180 grand
Where is Hunter? They're corrupt
Remember Joe with a prosecutor? $ 1 billion, I'm not giving it to them until they get those prosecutors away from my son or whatever the hell he said, that crazy company over in Ukraine
$1 billion
I'm not giving it
You get them out
And guess what? They got them out
Here's your billion dollars
Now that's called quid pro quo
Right? That's the real deal
With us, there was none
They made it up
Remember when Shift made the phony speech? Eight times he said the same thing, except that's not what happened
Fortunately, we had those wonderful people that write every perfect word, every word
I'm glad we had them because we're dealing with a bunch of thieving bad people
So women and men, ready? Would you rather have a woman on the Supreme Court or would you rather have a man? Ready? A woman or a man
So, would you rather have me choose, this is a very scientific poll
Actually, it's a lot more accurate than these polls that interview like 97 people have been interviewed, then they charge you a million dollars and they probably don't interview the people
They sit behind their desk
Would you rather have a woman on the Supreme Court? Yes, woman
Yes? Tom tiller says yes
Or would you rather have a man on the Supreme Court? What's going on? Let's give it one more quick chance
This is a free poll
And this is a lot of people
This is tens of thousands of people
This is a lot of people
You know, the fake news, they'll say, He had a smattering of people
If Bernie Sanders had a crowd
Oh, he had a massive crowd
It was so big
With me, my crowds are five times bigger than Bernie's
And they'll say, He had a smattering of people
They were in the middle of an airport that nobody ever heard of
Thousands
If those people, come on, bring them over
What the hell, at this point, might as well, let them come on over
Come on over
You got thousands of people behind these people
I would imagine the sight lines aren't too good
You have stands in front
Okay
So one more time
Who would rather have a man on the Supreme Court? Who would have a woman on the Supreme
Now tomorrow, like fake news, CNN, he was playing games with the United States
It is a terrible thing he's done
No, I'm just taking a poll, please
And by the way, that's a very accurate poll, because that's the way I feel
It will be a woman, a very talented, very brilliant woman
Who I haven't chosen yet, but we have numerous women on the list
I built this incredible list of brilliant people
And we're asking for Biden's list
He can't give it
You know why? Because if he ever gave a list, he'd either put somebody in the left middle, which would be okay
You could get votes, or he'd put one, somebody, which is what he's going to choose, so far left, now, if he did the left middle, he loses his entire left coast
Right? And if he loses the left coast, that's the end of his election
And last time, remember how many people I got from Bernie, because of trade
A lot of the Bernie people vote for us because Bernie is right about one thing, trade
But Bernie took a bad defeat, didn't he? It was a bad loss
He's one of the most gracious losers I've ever seen, he is
All Elizabeth Warren, Pocahontas had to do is leave
If she left before Super Tuesday, Bernie would have won every one of those States, but they split up that vote
That's too bad, but we have Sleepy Joe, we'll see how that works out
I think it's working out pretty good
We were winning so much, we didn't even have, we could have called off the election
We were winning by so much, and then the plane came in from China
And in many ways, I had to go back to work, but I had to go back to work on this one too
And now we're going up and up and up and we're winning and we're winning all over the place
Because I happen to think, I just say what I want
And you know, they make up a lot of false stories
They will make up a lie
Like what I said about military
Can you imagine? No animal would say that
They make it up and then they put it in ads
So once they did that, the only good thing is I can say, I said, Now I can say anything
He is the worst candidate, the dumbest of all candidates, but he was dumb in prime time, as told to me by a Senator from long ago, he said, Who's the dumbest in the Senate, who's the smartest in the Senate? The smartest is, I won't tell you
But the dumbest is Joe
I said, Who's Joe
He said, Joe Biden
That was 25 years ago
That was in prime time
He is the worst candidate in the history of presidential politics
If I lose to him, I don't know what I'm going to do
I will never speak to you again
You'll never see me again
No, how do you lose? He is honestly, I go up and these guys are grilling me all the time
Stephanopoulos grill, grill
Okay
It's all right
It's okay
I think it came out very, well it's always, it comes out well
You have to be able to answer
They're very weak compared to some of the foreign people that we deal with from foreign countries, leaders of foreign countries
But I say he's always using a teleprompter
I don't care if he uses a teleprompter, you know what bothers me? That means the fake news is giving him the questions
So that's what really they never gave me the questions
If I ever said, in fact, I'm going to say it now
I want from now on you to give me the questions before you ask me
And I'm going to read the questions off the teleprompter, and the questions are so easy
Did you see Anderson Cooper? He's a nice guy
He's interviewed me over the years, a lot, but he's a tough interviewer
Did you see those softballs? What do you think Donald Trump is a very bad human being
Do you agree with that? Yes, I do, Anderson
I've never seen softballs, and actually they're getting hit by it
They're getting hit by it
It's just a terrible thing
I mean, this is a guy, I used to call him 1% Joe, because he ran numerous times and he could only get 1%
In fact, he actually had 1% with an arrow pointing left
That means less than one
Now he's shot, he's got half of his head left, and he's out, think of it
He's totally shot
And he ends up getting the nomination
He couldn't get it in prime time
What the hell is going on with the world today? What's going on? What's going on with the world, Mark Meadows? Unbelievable Meadows, oh boy
He's a smart guy, Meadows, great, great guy, North Carolina, in just three and a half years, we obliterated the ISIS caliphate
Remember when I had it down to 99%, they said, You got to finish it
I said, Let somebody else finish it
And we went, and we finished it
We fixed our disastrous trade deals, which we have
China's now paying us billions and billions of dollars
But you know, I view it differently now, I view China much differently now, after the plague came in, I view it differently
And we brought your jobs back home to North Carolina and our contract
In three years of President Trump, real median household income rose by almost $7,000
Now think of that, three years, three years, right? Achieving the highest median income in the history of our country
This is in three years
Under 16 years of presidents, Barack Hussein Obama, ladies and gentlemen, is President Barack Hussein Obama, or as Rush Limbaugh, the great, how great is Rush? Do we love Rush? As Rush Limbaugh would say, Barack Hussein Obama
You ever hear Rush? Barack Hussein Obama
Rush is great
He's doing well too
He's great
He's a tough guy
We love Rush
We love you Rush
He watches every one of these rallies
You know, he supported me when I came down with our great first lady, I came down the escalator
I made a speech
I didn't even have a speech writer, I had to wing it
The winging speeches are the best ones like last night
But Rush said, I like that guy
I'd never heard that before
I'd never heard we're going to build a wall
We're going to have secure borders
We're going to make new trade deals that are like sane
We're going to do all the things we're going to rebuild our military
We're going to have a strong country again
We did so many things, and Rush heard this
I didn't know Rush
I mean, maybe I met him once, twice, for two seconds
And he became an instant fan of Trump
And he was for a long time before I even got to know him
And he's been so important, he's the King, 39 million listeners
There's nobody like him
Try sitting down for what is it? Three hours? And talking, just talking with everyone
39 million people, often
Try sitting
We love Rush
I love Rush
But listen, try sitting down with a radio show with millions and millions of people listening, and talk for three hours without phone calls
Phone calls are easy
Hey, what do you think of this? What do you think
Just talk
Talk
And everybody finds it fascinating
And it is fascinating
I wish I had time to listen more often
It's a little tough as president, but everybody finds it fascinating
And we gave Rush, because he's such an important person and done such an incredible job the Presidential Medal of Freedom
And Catherine, his wife is great
What a couple
But Rush has been unbelievable
He's so on our side
And he was from literally day one, right from the beginning
And we don't have to mention Sean, and Laura, and so many others
We don't have to mention Lou, the great Lou Dobbs, right? I mean, Lou Dobbs said, Lou started years ago, and he liked us from the beginning
He said, Donald Trump is going to be a very good president
Okay
That was the first little time
Then he went, Donald Trump
I love Donald Trump, but he's the best since Ronald Reagan
Then he went, Donald Trump is an even better president than Ronald Reagan
So that was about a year and a half into it
Then the great Lou Dobbs said, Donald Trump may be the greatest of all time
Greatest of all time
And then somebody said, Can I ask you Lou, when you say the greatest, does that include Abraham Lincoln and George Washington? He said, Absolutely
He's now the greatest of all time
So we love Lou Dobbs
Lou Dobbs is great
Go out and buy his book
His book is great
But we have great support
We have great support
Tucker's been very good lately, I have to tell you
Tucker has been very good
Tucker Carlson, he's come a long way, actually the whole thing with faking around with our whole history
He's very strong in that, we took care of that very powerfully, very powerfully
We signed an executive order
We fired a lot of people that were talking about cancel culture and a lot of fake stuff, that were getting paid a lot of money that we're here for a long time
Under 16 years of presidents Obama and Bush, the median income only rose $2,900
Now think of that
So three years, it went up $7,000, 16 years, it went up less than $3,000
I'd say that's a big difference
And that's not including energy, because look what you're paying for your gasoline now
Right? Remember those days? Remember those days of $5, you said, Let's get rid of that big truck
Now you're all buying bigger trucks than they ever thought possible
You know why? Because gasoline is so damn cheap, right? Remember the $5 days? Now you're below $2 a lot, right? Below two
I mean, they're seeing numbers that nobody believes
It's all good stuff
And we're energy independent
So many things have happened
If you add four or $5,000, so you're talking about by $11,000, you got to add the energy
I said to my people, Put the energy in
Well, I don't know if it's right
I said, Do me a favor, just put it in
In my first three years, we lifted 6
6 million people out of poverty, the largest poverty reduction of any president in American history
We built the greatest economy in the history of the world
And now we're doing it again, and we're doing it very rapidly
This is a super V
They said, Oh, I don't know, V is going to be very hard
No, this is a super V
We will deliver a safe and effective vaccine this year
It's already in very good shape
Very, very good shape
In a matter of weeks
We will end the pandemic from China
We will end our plague from China
Next year will be one of the greatest years in the history of our country, it's heading that way
If you take a look, automobile manufacturing, housing, retailing, they're all setting records, they're through the roof, hard to believe, actually, during the rounding the corner, when I say rounding the corner, they go crazy
They want to keep it going as long as possible
If you say anything positive, they say, He's not telling the truth to the American public
I am actually telling the truth
You know these people, they talked about, because I said, Well, Winston Churchill was a great leader
They said the other night, You said Winston Churchill was a great leader, but he didn't lie
Because this guy, Woodward
He writes a book
He's had it
He's another one shot
I compare him sort of to Biden
He's sharper than Biden, I have to say that, but he's shot
He's tired
He's exhausted
I never saw a guy be able to do so much television, try doing a book on somebody else
See how much television time they give you, like none
But they said the other night, and it was amazing
Winston Churchill
They said, He didn't lie to the people, to Britain
He didn't lie
I said, Well, let me ask you this
He stood on buildings when the Nazis, Hitler, were bombing London
That's pretty brave, because he may have been doing a little drinking, but he was known for that, right? He's got a right to, but it's true
He stood in the buildings in London, as they were bombing London, and made speeches, and made statements, and had everything
And he'd sometimes have press conferences
And the fake news wouldn't show up
He was standing there, nobody was in front of him
But he would stand there, and he would say, You are safe
You are safe
Everything is okay
You are safe
Well, that's a lie, I guess, right? So I said, Oh, I never thought of it that way
I guess he lied
No, he's a great leader, and he was leading, and he was a great, great prime minister
He did a fantastic job
Not lying
No
We love our country, we want to lead our country, and we can't let a thing like this, this is a horrible, horrible thing that happened to the world it happened, should have been stopped in China
They stopped it from going into the rest of China, should have been stopped in China
To defeat the China virus, we launched the largest industrial mobilization since World War II
Somebody said, What grade would you give yourself? I said, A+
But I would give myself a D, I would say I would give myself, and my whole group, because Mike Pence is great, Mike Pence really was
He worked so hard
And it's unfair, he worked so hard
The ventilators, the vaccines, the therapeutics now we have, look at what's happening
When somebody gets very sick, look how we bring them back so often, compared to what it was originally
I mean, the work that's been done, and wait until you see what happens over the next few weeks with what's going on
But the Democrats don't want the vaccine
They don't want it
At first, they wanted a vaccine, because they didn't think it could happen
Now that we have it, they're going like, Well, we don't want it
It's the craziest thing
Think of it, you want to get a vaccine, and they're willing to hurt people, let people die for political reasons
Think of it
I think, honestly, I think it's a disgrace
But we surged rapid testing kits
We have more testing than all other, I mean, practically everybody
You look at number two is India
They have 1
5 billion people
We are up 50 million tests more than India
In fact, we're about to crack 100 million tests
And when you test, then you have, does this make sense? Then you have cases
So we do all this testing, and I come home and I turn on NBC News
It is so bad
I think NBC, that's not only MSDNC
I think NBC with Lester Holt
There's another beauty
Hi Lester
How do you feel big in second place Lester? He surged from first place to second place
But NBC News is so, I mean, it's just terrible
They use free airwaves, and then they give you fake news
Free airwaves
They should pay a lot of money for this
This is not right
NBC
It's owned by a company called Concast, C-O-N, Concast, they're con, they're con men
It's a disgrace
They spend fortunes on public relations and then I get up and make a speech like this with television blazing all over the world, I guess
Yeah, the world, it's all over the world
And I say Concast, and immediately, there goes their public, how's your public relations doing NBC? Not too good
But they're just they don't tell the truth
Our country would be so much better off if we had honest media, really
Really would
And do you see what their approval rating has gone to? I think it's one of my greatest achievements
Hey look- It's a Saturday night
We have all night
This happened last night in Minnesota
I have these teleprompter people, they're great, they're genius
And I was about 45 minutes into the speech, and I realized I was only on line two
And he was like, What do I do? But we have more fun
Hey, you now have a president that doesn't have to use a teleprompter, isn't that nice? And I said last night, I said, and yeah, your friends were there
The Congressmen
By the way, is the media now, and I'm pretty sure it's getting close
I think they have a lower approval rating than Congress
Congratulations
No, but it's hard
When you're sitting there, you're in businesses, you're in construction, you drive trucks, you do a lot of things
You're in offices
You don't realize, because you don't know what's happening
I know exactly a true story
And then it's written to totally bend the truth, to make a good thing into a bad thing
Like, can you believe it, in one week they nominated me, not for one, but for two Nobel prizes
No, but think of it
No but think
And they didn't cover the story
Now Obama got his the first week
Very liberal group, and nobody knew what the hell he got it for, and he didn't know
Why did you get it? I don't know
Remember? I don't know
I have no idea
But you know, you have a president, you love your president, and your president gets honored, because I'm not being honored, you're being honored with the Nobel Peace Prize, for Israel, what we did with Israel
I went home and I said to the First Lady, Darling, she's very popular
She made a great speech, right? And Ivanka made a great speech, right? But I went home
I said, Darling, I have big news tonight
Let's turn on the television
You know, we don't use wind
We use actually, we actually use petroleum
We use Petro
Because we like it to be on like a lot
We don't like to have lots of open gaps when the wind's not blowing
We can't watch President Trump
I go home
I say, First Lady, a great thing happened today
I was honored, Nobel Peace Prize, nominated
This is a big thing First Lady
And then I went home two days later
I said, First Lady, you're not going to believe it
I was honored again
Nobel Prize, that's Kosovo
Israel, Kosovo
I said, First Lady, this is great news
Let's turn on the television
This is going to be big
This is going to be big tonight
We just got honored, this is big
Nobel Peace, can you imagine? You grow up in Brooklyn, Queens, and now you're getting the First Lady, let's turn on the television
Let's turn onto that fake NBC news
And I see we have a storm
Okay, First Lady, don't worry about it
The storm is big
We have it taken care of, FEMA's down there, Florida, Alabama, Georgia
We got FEMA down there
It's being taken care of
We always take care of it
We take good care of it
Texas, Louisiana
We took good care of him two weeks ago
All right First Lady, don't worry about it
It's the next story, I'm sure, it's the Nobel Prize for peace
We're stopping mass killings between Kosovo and Serbia
They've been killing each other for so many, they're going to stop killing
I said, fellas, let's get together
They'd been doing it for hundreds of years, frankly, under different names
I said, that's great
And with Israel, UAE and Bahrain signed a deal with Israel
Everybody said it couldn't be done
I said, All right, First Lady, that's the first story on NBC, but don't worry
That's a big story
The floods are big
I see it
And then there was a second story about something
And then their third story is about something with me, I don't know, something bad they found out
Then there was a fourth and a fifth and a sixth
I said, First Lady, I'm a little embarrassed
I thought we'd do a little better
And then they looked at the screen, and said, Good night
And I wasn't covered
I got the Nobel Peace Prize nomination, a Peace Prize, Nobel nomination
And they didn't cover it
And then the following day I watched a certain show that does like us, and they said, Would you believe, that they covered, and they mentioned like five subjects that were nothing
That was 18 minutes
And the Peace Prize Nobel version, zero time for President Trump
Thank you very much fake news media, we appreciate it
And when Obama got it, here are the headlines
President Obama gets the Nobel Prize
We need an honest media
The free airwaves, they lie over the free airwaves
They use them and they lie
I don't know
We're going to have to look at it
They're a bunch of scoundrels
They hate it when I say it, but you know, honestly, they are the enemy of the people
When they lie, they are the enemy of the people
You are the enemy of the people
Oh, damn it
The red lights just went off
One, two, three, there's one back there, there's one back there, probably, oh it's OAN, thank you OAN
Every time I get on this subject, they cover me not because they want to, but we get great ratings
We get ratings
These little deals that we have here, come on in folks, come on in
Look at these people
But you know what? I'll tell you what, it's true
They cover it because But anytime I start talking about the fake news media, you see them getting a little tentative
The camera starts to shake a little bit, and you know, there's another thing
Look at this crowd
It's as far as the eye can see, it's a big crowd, right? They never cover it
I said to my wife last night, we had this incredible crowd
A lot of people, thousands and thousands
I mean like 25, 30,000, many people outside couldn't get it
It was like a sea of people
My wife said, Was it a large crowd? I said, Did you watch? Yes
But they only show your face
And I saw people they never show
And that includes Fox, which has changed a lot, changed a lot, sad
Somebody said, What's the biggest difference between 2016 and now? You know what I said, Fox
Biggest difference
Biggest difference
I don't know what's going on with them
But we have some great ones too on Fox
We surged rapid testing kits to every nursing home in America
We learned a lot, through pioneering therapies, we reduced the fatality rate by 85% since April
Think of that? 85%
We've come up with things
They're waiting to see what's coming over the next few months in terms of therapeutics, which to me is even more important than the vaccine
You go into the hospital, you make people better
You give them a shot, you do a transfusion
You make people better
They walk out, that's to me even better, but ultimately long-term, those vaccines are going to be great, and they're really working out well and it's going to be really soon
The people in certain groups are trying to hold them up as long as possible, as long as possible
They're going to try and give Sleepy Joe the credit
He doesn't even know what a It's possible
They're going to try and get Sleepy Joe the credit
He doesn't even know what a vaccine is
Europe is almost 30% higher excess mortality than the United States
Does anyone know that? they don't report that, right? Europe? Europe's had a hard time
I'm not looking to hurt them, but they have 30% higher
Our bold and early action saved millions of lives and our decisive economic response saved tens of millions of jobs, including 1
3 million jobs, and a wonderful place called North Carolina, right? When I banned travel from China in January, Sleepy Joe Biden called it, That's hysterical
That's xenophobic
What does that mean? Tell me what xenophobic means, Sleepy Joe
Who said that? I mean, you're my friend
Who said it? All right, what a voice
Have you ever tried opera? What a voice, did everybody hear that? That's true
I wouldn't say it
She said, He has no idea where he is
But I would never say it
I won't say it
I won't say it
I refuse this
No, but don't underestimate him
Look, he's been doing this for 47 years, and I got a debate coming up with this guy
No, it's true
You never know, you never know
They give him a big fat shot in the ass, and he comes out, and for two hours, he's better than ever before
Problem is what happens after the  No, we're going to ask for a drug test, we are
I'd like to have a drug test
Both of us
I'll take it, he'll take
Because I watched him into debates with all those people, those Democrats
The one who treated him worst was Kamala
Actually, also, she was the one that treated, you know that, she was the one that treated him so badly
And she treated Kavanaugh very badly too
Nobody was ever ruder, nobody ever suffered, like Justice Kavanaugh suffered in the hands and the mouths of those horrible people
The way he was tortured was disgraced
And they had nothing
Those women, that was all made up
Most of them have already admitted, it was all made up lies, false accusations, and they made him suffer
And the leader of the pack I would say was, Kamala was the worst, and Pocahontas was a close second
How's Pocahontas doing, since she destroyed Bloomberg? How about Bloomberg? Did he get killed? Now he's trying to come back
He's trying to buy his way back into the Democratic Party
I'm going to put up $100 million in Florida, we're going to go, he wants to be back so badly
Here's a guy who spent $2 billion, it's almost two billion now, they're finding out
He had some of the dumbest advisers, people I know, some of the dumbest people
If he would have just kept spending a couple of hundred million dollars a week on ads, he could have won
He could have won
Unfortunately, he said, No, I want to debate
He went and sued to get into the debates
That was not a good lawsuit
They settled by saying, We'll let you in the debate
The first question, he was destroyed
You would think that, the way the Democrats treated him, he would really come to me, and he'd say, I want you, but his hatred and jealousy  He wanted to be President, but he doesn't have the capability of being President
But he's going down now to Florida, he's going to spend $100 million
How good  I have to say this, I'm not a fan of Elizabeth Warren
I gave her the name Pocahontas, I thought that was the end
Remember what I used to say about her? She has  Oh, well, you know it
You know
I would just, look, I said, This is not an Indian
She said, I'm an Indian
You remember what I said? I have more Indian blood than me, I have more in me than she has, and I have none
Unfortunately, I'd like to have some
I would like to have some
I think it could help, it might make me better, but I have none
And I said, I have more than she does
And then she went out to, and she choked, remember that? She went out, and she took a test
And it found out that about 700 years ago, there was a possible event, 1,024th, right? Wasn't that it? Good memory, very good memory
Trump has a good memory
Good moment
Not for that, but for a lot of things
Now, 1024th, which meant many, many, many centuries ago, there could have been a hookup somewhere along the line
But she choked
We forced her into a choke
She went down like a rock, and then she started coming up, up, up, up, up
Then she totally destroyed Mike Bloomberg
We call him Mini Mike
Remember? Mini Mikey wants that platform
I want a platform, damn it
I don't mind
Oh, boy, he was pathetic, but now he's going to try and buy his way back into the Democrat party
You remember that guy? Great environmentalist
Except he made his money with coal, which is okay, I think coal is good
Clean coal, I like clean coal
If we had listened to Joe Biden, hundreds of thousands more Americans would have died
You know that
He was way behind
This was months later
And then I watch him last night, reading something saying that, I opened, I closed it up, one week later, one week
Two months later, he was talking about the fact that I shouldn't be doing that to China
I shouldn't be banning China because I was xenophobic
And it's just unbelievable
And now they will say anything
It's called disinformation
They will make up a lie, they will make up a story, and they go with it, it makes no difference whether or not it's show, and they'll take ads
It's the worst group of people
He's surrounded by bad people, dishonest people, but they're very smart
He's not smart
They keep him from talking
It's actually, if he wins, it's the single most brilliant campaign in the history of the world
Because they took a man who's got nothing
He didn't have it, but he's got nothing, and I will give them credit
The single greatest campaign in history, if he wins, but you know what? If he wins, North Carolina is screwed, and so is every place else
And you can forget your tobacco industry, you can forget your farmers
I gave the farmers $28 billion
Thank you very much, Presidency
$28 billion
Because you were targeted, right? You were targeted by China
And I said, How much were the farmers, Iowa, Nebraska, you, all of them? You were targeted
I said, How much? Sonny Perdue, I said, How much, Secretary? 12 billion, then 16 billion, you were targeted
I took it out of the tariffs we charge
We never took 25 cents in from China, now we're getting billions and billions and billions of dollars
Sleepy Joe, that never gave, never took anything, or Trump, misjudging him? So Mexico, we're driving them a little crazy
They don't like Trump too much
But now Biden is recklessly campaigning against his vaccine
His campaign campaign's really reckless
And all it is is for political reasons
It's political reasons
Biden, his whole deal is catastrophic shutdown
We're getting better, we're really coming along, and he's talking about shutting down
We're not doing any shutdowns
We don't need shutdowns
Maybe a little area, if it's such a spike, we understand, we have to take care of our senior citizens
This guy talked, he said, Well, I'll do whatever my medical people want
I believe in science
He doesn't know what science is
I believe in science
No, we're not doing any shutdowns
We don't need, we're rounding the turn
Without the vaccine, we're rounding the turn
With the vaccine, it'll just speed it up
That's another one that will be controversial
They'll say, He's saying that it's happened
Yeah, without the care, without the vaccine, it's going along
With a vaccine, even better
It'll be faster
Biden's own chief of staff said, when they manage the H1N1 that he calls the N1H1, right? He goes, the N1H1, and that's an easy one, because H comes before, but he always gets it wrong
It's like, seven times, It's great to be with the great people of Iowa
They'll say, Sir, you're in Idaho
Oh
I've never made that mistake so far
But I always say, If you do, just leave the stage, because you can never recover
You can speak as well as, I mentioned, Winston Churchill, even though he was a great speaker, he was a stutterer, and he became one of the greatest speakers ever
You could be Winston Churchill, if you make that mistake, just leave the stage
You can't recover
But he's made it oftentimes, right, in New Hampshire, and it was Vermont
The worst, I think, I think there was one, he was in Ohio, and he said he was in Florida, right? But he couldn't find any palm trees
We just got a poll from Ohio
Through the roof
Great state of Ohio, good Governor, great state of Ohio
But when they managed the H1N1 swine flu, this was from his top person that ran it
We did every possible thing wrong
60 million Americans got H1N1 in that period of time
And it was just a total disaster
He basically said, We didn't know what the hell we were doing
And this is the guy that's going to tell us what to do with something that's much more lethal, much more lethal
This is much more lethal than the swine flu
If H1N1 had the same fatality rate as the China virus, over two million people would have already perished
They didn't know what the hell they were doing
And the guy admitted it
That guy can not be very popular in Democrat politics right there
But just to remember, and he's telling us how to do things
We're building ventilators, we're the ventilator capital of the world now, think of it
We're sending them to other countries, we have so many
And we have made a lot of Governors look very good
And they all admit it, until the press comes in front, where they say, Oh, he was okay, but we took care of them
We took care of Governors, we took care of the states
On November 3rd, North Carolina will decide whether we will quickly return to record prosperity, or whether we allow Joe Biden to impose a $4 trillion tax hike, ban American energy, confiscate your guns
These are all things that he said
Shut down our economy, destroy the suburbs
They were saying that women in the suburbs, they're not sure if they like me
They're starting to like me a lot lately, because it's law and order
They want law and order
Thank you
A suburbanite, thank you, thank you
No, it's true
I don't know
But I heard the same thing four years ago, remember?  Women will not vote for him
Then we win the election, it's like, they're all in shock
Well, what took place? Well, he did very well with women, what the hell was that all about, right? Did very well
Women were great
Now, if it holds true  There a lot of jobs, a lot of jobs, a lot of great thinking, but he wants to give free healthcare to illegal aliens
Now, what that's going to do is destroy our country, because two things happen
Number one, we can't afford it
Number two, everybody is going to come pouring into our country if you do that
Right now, they're saying, wherever they are, when you say, We're going to give you free education, we're going to give you free healthcare
We're going to take care of you
Everything's going to be perfect
We're going to give you, every single family, now watch, they'll print this
We've checked it out, and he lied about this
Every single family is going to be given a brand new Silver Cloud Rolls Royce
Now, I said that, and CNN went, He lied about the fact that they're not getting a Rolls Royce
Remember what I said?  Russia, if you're listening, in front of this message, Russia, if you're listening, find out where her e-mails, or whatever
And then, everybody laughed, I laughed
Well, they actually play it all the time
When he spoke to Russia
Do you ever see it? And they cut it off before the end, they don't see any, I said, Russia, if you're listening  Oh, these people are sick
He wants to erase your borders
Yeah, that was supposed to be a joke, right? It was a joke
It was a joke, everybody was laughing, but they refused to go that extra quarter of a second
He wants to indoctrinate your children with poisonous anti-American lies in education
To combat the toxic left wing propaganda in our schools, I am launching a new pro-American lesson plan for students called, 1776 Commission
It's already done
That's good
And it's true, your kids come home, and they tell you things
How many of you, the kids come home, and they tell you things
It's a disgrace, what they're teaching them, it's a disgrace
We're ending it
In fact, we're taking school funds away from these crazy schools that are teaching horrible things, bad things, actually
We will teach our children the truth about America, that we are the most exceptional nation on the face of the earth
And we are getting better every single day
And no party can lead America, that will not teach our children to love America
No party can do that
The sleepy campaign has joined forces with those trying to tear down America and our way of life
We have a great way of life, and getting better all the time
Look at what we've done
Biden's running mate urged supporters to help bail rioters out of jail, including one who attempted murder
That's right
One who attempted to murder a police officer, and a man accused of sexually assaulting an eight-year-old girl, 13 members of Biden's staff donated to the same fund
Look, that's where they're coming from, just so you know
He's trying to go a little bit more right, like the fracking
Oh, well of course, we're going to have  For six months, he's saying, there'll be no fracking, which I don't think the people in Pennsylvania thrilled with, do you agree, considering that your taxes could quadruple
I tell it all the time, Texas, right? Texas, they like oil
They like guns, right, in Texas
Right? And they like God
So he comes out with a platform, no oil
We don't want oil
This is during the Democrat deal
There'll be no oil, there'll be no God, there'll be no guns
This is not a good campaign
And then the fake news says, Donald Trump is tied in Texas
I'm tied
Last time I was tied in Texas until the day of the vote
Then they announced, the second they called it, The polls in Texas have closed
Donald Trump has won the state of Texas
Think of it
He's against oil
He's against guns
They're going to confiscate your guns, Second Amendment's going to be destroyed
I am holding up your Second Amendment
If it's not me, look what I've done
You think it's been easy? They want to get rid of the Second Amendment
They're going to get rid of the guns, right? And religion
So, look what they're doing to religion
These states, everything's closed, except, you're allowed to protest
That's why I say everything we do is a protest
Look at all those people back there, look at that
Look it, they just form
Wow
Turn the cameras around, please
They never do it
Turn the cameras around, please
Wow
Thank you
That's a lot of people
We're proud of you
That's a lot of people
You ever notice, they never do it, though
I say, Turn the camera
Right from the beginning, they never did
They don't want to give us the credit for these big crowds, because you know what? When you see crowds like this, or in Wisconsin, that I had a few nights ago, or last night was so incredible
What we had last night was just incredible, in Minnesota
We're going to win it, 1972, we're going to win it
1972, it hasn't  That's a long time ago
Remember? I think Reagan won every state except for Minnesota
We're going to win Minnesota
What we've done for them, we've opened up their livelihood again
Maine
How about Maine? I opened up 5,000 square miles of ocean
Obama closed it
They said, Why? He had no idea
Right off their shore, no fishing, no nothing
They called it a monument, right? Right off their shore
Maine, I mean, if I don't win Maine  Maine traditionally is not really very Republican, but I won Maine too last time, actually
Because I love Maine, too
I love Maine, too
But think of what I did
I opened the waters up for fishermen and for lobster men and women
Now they go lobster fishing and fishing
But 5, 000, I said, Why did they close it? Nobody was able to tell me, but I opened it up, an executive order
I totally opened it up
I did many other things
Then I got the tariffs
They couldn't do business in European Union, they couldn't do business in China, because they were charging tariffs to Maine
So Canada would take our fish and lobster
We'd sell it to Canada for nothing, and they'd sell it to China and Europe, because they didn't have to pay tariffs
Not only did I get the 5,000  Think of what, 5,000 square miles
So you take one mile, square mile, multiply times 5,000
That's a big area, even in an ocean, right? It's massive
And it was the best area, the best
I got rid of the tariffs
I told them, If you tariff our Maine lobster people, and fishermen and women, if you want a tariff on them, that's okay, but we're going to tariff your cars, okay? Which is a much bigger deal
It was amazing how quickly those tariffs were taken off
I did that off of Maine, I did that in two weeks, okay? Took me two weeks
Once I found out about it, it's hard to believe it ever happened
So I did that for Maine
And somebody said, I'm down in Maine
How the hell can I be down in Maine, after what I did? I'll tell you what if I do that from Maine, and if Maine doesn't vote for Trump
I don't think I'm going back, okay? I can tell you one thing
Their Senator never did it for them
Joe Biden and the Democrats want to gut police departments nationwide
You know that, right? Here in North Carolina, nearly 50 Democrat State House members and candidates have signed a pledge to slash police funding, endangering your families
I was recently honored to be endorsed by 54 sheriffs throughout this state, and we're joined by many of them tonight
Where are they? Thank you, Sheriff
Thank you
Thank you
Thank you, folks
Thank you
Thank you
You got to take care of our law enforcement
We got to take care, nobody can do the job like them
We have to let them do their job
We've got to stop this nonsense, this child's play, we've got to stop, they're great
You know, I was endorsed by, think of this, New York's finest
It's very tough
You know, de Blasio's your mayor, he doesn't have a clue what's happening, either
I think Sleepy Joe's worse, do you want to know the truth? Because this other guy has just an ideology that's just terrible
But de Blasio is there, and New York's finest, first time they've ever endorsed a Presidential candidate, they endorsed me, three weeks ago
That takes courage
Think of it
Chicago, the police in Chicago, they could do their job
We don't even have to bring in the National Guard
Whenever we do, it takes about 30 minutes, it's over, right? Like we did in Minneapolis, 30 minutes
Remember that beautiful scene? They lined up, they went down, there was no social distancing in between these great, tough guys
There was no social distancing, Tom Tillis
They went down and they had $250,000 outfits
They had more crap on that helmet with night goggles
And these guys were sort of wise guys, right? They were shouting at them, screaming at them
They were screaming at the wrong people
They went down, they never had to stop
It was just forward
It all ended
It all ended in Minneapolis
It took, you also had, what? A half an hour? Remember, they hit the CNN reporter in the knee? He went down, Ali Velshi
He said, This is a friendly protest
It's wonderful to see such a  Behind him, it was all fire for a block
It looked like Berlin during the war
This is a friendly  What are they doing? How does that help to be like that? How does that help? We're joined tonight by some really great friends of mine and some warriors that have been a fantastic help to me
One man who, especially over the last year, he has been so great, he couldn't be better
And I think he's doing very well
I'm looking at some numbers, and you're doing very well
And I think your opponent has some very big problems
Senator Tom Tillis
Thank you, Tom
Thank you
He's been great, smart guy
And he's got a couple of bills that he's putting in, one in particular, I love it
You got to do it
That if a sanctuary city causes problems, you can sue the sanctuary city, you can sue
Will you get, we got to get that one moving, right? That's moving along, right? That's a great one
A man who, I just did a phone call for the other night, and the people love him
He's in a rough district, but he's now leading
I see you're up in the polls, Congressman Richard Hudson, great guy
Where's Richard? Great guy
He's a warrior
And two people I really liked, because we fought like hell for them a year ago, right? And they had guts, and they had what it takes
They didn't choke
You know, a lot of people choke
They choke, they gag, they can't breathe
Greg Murphy and Dan Bishop, they didn't choke, they're fantastic
They are fantastic people
Thank you
Look, they're friends
We're friends
Those two guys were incredible
Thank you very much, great job
Really great job
And a man that should be your Governor, I don't know, he's doing well, but Lieutenant Governor, Dan Forest, everybody
Thank you very much, great job
Handsome guy, handsome
Looks like Cary Grant
I hear you're doing really well
Look, I mean, this guy's got this state totally closed down
It's ridiculous
It's, when are they going to open? When are they going to open? Dan, this would have been opened up a long time ago
And you would have done even better
I mean, you would have done better
And North Carolina Republican Party Chair, Michael Whatley
Michael? Thank you, Michael
Great job, Michael
How are we doing, Michael? How's it going? Are we up? I mean, if I lose North Carolina, I'm getting out of here
This is not  Look at that
This is not, just so you know, the crowd of a man that's coming in second
I say it all the time
I said it when I left Michigan
2016, the night of the election, we had 32,000 people
Hillary was there, just before me, in a prime location
She had about 400 people
I got there at 12 in the evening, I started speaking at one in the morning, it's now Election Day, and I left
32,000 people, we had 32,000 people
So it's now Election Day
I start speaking, I started speaking, think of it, one o'clock in the morning, we had 30, you never saw anything like it
I left
I said, That doesn't look like we're going to lose Michigan
And guess what? We didn't
We won Michigan, first time in decades
And you know what we've done? Many, many car plants are now opening up
A great gentleman, who's just retiring, Prime Minister Abe, of Japan
I said, Shinzo, please do me a favor
We need more car companies
You're selling cars into our country, please
We want to build here, not in Japan, please
He said, But we cannot do that
This is a free enterprise system
I said, I know, Shinzo, please
I need some car companies
Please do it
I can't do it
I said, Shinzo, you have to do it
Next day, it was a story, Five car companies to open up in Michigan, right? So much for free enterprise, but he's a great guy, he's a friend of mine
He's great
They're lucky he's a friend of mine
I would have been much tougher
It's hard
When a guy is a friend, it's hard, but they did a lot
They did a lot
They helped it a lot
And what they've done here, by the way, Japan, and what they've done in Michigan, Ohio, what they've done? By the way, we all love South Carolina, right, right? I think we love it
Now, South Carolina, we're winning here, but South Carolina, I hate to say this to you, I don't want to make you upset
We're winning by about 400 points
I spoke to a great person in South Carolina who said, Sir, you don't have to come here
This thing's up by a lot
What the hell is the difference, right? I mean, we are up, and we're up good, but I'd love you to tie South Carolina
What do we have to do? But a lot of activity in South Carolina also, they're doing great
You had the best year you've ever had
They've had the best year they ever had
And you're going to go to a better year, we are going to have a better year
We're also deeply honored to be joined by a military spouse, Amy Williams, who was reunited with her husband, Sergeant First Class Townsend Williams, at my State of the Union address
Everybody remembers that
Everybody remembers was there
Good, you're looking well
Thank you very much
Say hello to the whole family
Thank you
Thanks to the incredible sacrifices of our warriors, and they are warriors
We're pursuing peace in Afghanistan, it's very close
We're down to, we will soon be down to 4,000 soldiers
We're taking them out
They're serving as policemen
They're serving as police, and they've done a great job
We could win everything, but I'm not looking to kill three million people to win, what? To win what? We should have never been in the Middle East, and we're bringing them back
We're bringing them back, just so you know, we're bringing them back from Iraq
We're down to 2,000 soldiers in Iraq
And in Syria, we're all back, we're all finished, except for one thing
If it's okay with you
I decided to keep the oil
We took the oil, we kept it
And we'll always support America's incredible military families
So thank you very much
Thank you, darling
Really good
Okay
In everything we do, we're putting America first, unlike other administrations, and not just Obama and Biden
This has gone on for many years
We put America first, and that's what we're doing
And you know what? Other countries, for the first time in decades, respect us again
Remember that
They respect us again
You know all about data, 28 countries
We had six countries that were current, and the amount of current is too low, okay? Six countries
I went in, and I said, You got to pay
Sorry, you're delinquent
They said, Really? Yeah, I said
You're delinquent
You got to pay
Obama would go, and make a speech and leave, that would be it
We were paying for it
We're protecting Europe, and they're screwing us on trade
So we protect them, and they're screwing us on trade
No good, no good
Can't do it
I said, It's unfair
And the Secretary General, Stoltenberg, of NATO, said, I've never seen, and the fake news can call him up and check
He said, He's the greatest that we've ever seen
For 20 years, the spending at NATO went like this, right? And America, we pick it up
Every time it goes down, they didn't pay
And I said, We're supposed to protect you
You're going to be attacked by Russia or somebody, we're supposed to protect you
And yet you're delinquent
You don't pay your bills
And that includes Germany
They're paying 1%, they're supposed to pay two, and 2% is way too low
2% military spending
So we got, listen to this
It never gets reported by these fakers
We got $130 million more, more, not total, more, going to, over three years, $400 billion
So we're going from 130 billion, with a B, not million, to $400 billion
And they said to me, they said  And they said to me, they said to me, very nice guy, head of one of the countries, at a table
I can't believe it never got released, but now we can talk about it, because it's three years ago
But they said, Sir   And this was a big private meeting of all of the nations, Does that mean if we don't   Because I said, You got to pay your bills
We're protecting you
You're not paying your bills
Some did, like Poland and some others, but most didn't
Six to eight were current, and we were paying much more than we should have been paying, much more
I mean, it's Europe
We got to defend ourself, and there was no guarantee that they'd help us if we ever had a problem
Right? We're never going to have a problem
We got so much stuff now
We were depleted
Now we have great  But they said to me, Does this mean   And I had to give this answer
I can't believe it didn't get leaked by some sleazebag
We have leakers all over this place, but a lot of it didn't leak
A lot of it is just made up by the newspapers
They make up phony stories
They say, Donald Trump woke up today
He was in a very bad mood, according to sources
There is no source
They just made it up
Hey, I woke up, and I was in a bad mood
True
I've actually had a  I've been in a good mood, because we're doing so much for our country
We've done so much for our country
But at the NATO meeting, one of the presidents of one of the good countries, all good, they said, Sir, does this mean that if we don't pay, does this mean that you're going to leave, and you're not going to protect us? I said, Yes
That's what it means
I'm sorry
It was an amazing effect, because other presidents said, No
We will always protect you
We will always protect you, even if you don't pay, even if our taxpayer is paying for everything, even though you take advantage of us on trade, you don't let our cars in, you don't let our stuff in, but you sell us like crazy, even though you tariff our product, even though you do everything, and then you take advantage of us with the military
They said, We will always protect you
So they didn't pay
Why the hell would they pay? They said, Boy, these guys are stupid
So they asked me the question, Does this mean, sir, that you will not protect us anymore if we don't pay? I said, I'm sorry to say, it does
That's a big story
Three years ago, it's a big story
It was amazing how the money came in
So we took in 130 billion a year, going over a three-year period, to 400, just because I asked
Right? Just because I asked
True
They don't report that story
Then we got lightweights that I fired, and they write books about me, that I'm a bad guy, Oh, he's a terrible guy
He treats our allies so badly
No
Our allies treat us badly
Our allies in many ways treat us worse than our enemies
I must be honest with you
They take advantage of us
Everyone takes advantage of your country, and we don't put up with it
And you know what the funny thing? We get along better now, because they respect us again
Before, they thought we were stupid
They respect us again
They do
I mean, look at Israel, look what we did
I saw Kerry this other day
Is this guy the worst negotiator? Gave Iran 150 billion, plus 1
8 billion in cash
He never walked
Sometimes in a negotiation, when you've given everything, and you can't give anymore, and then they want more, you get up ane walk
Remember the bicycle accident? That was the only time he had to ride his bicycle in a race
73 years old
I promise, I said, I will never ever  I promise to you, ride a bicycle in a race, or any other time frankly
I will never ride a bicycle during a negotiation
And he broke his leg, and his arm, and he was all screwed up
And that was actually a good thing, because it delayed the signing of that horrible deal, which I terminated
Nah, we had some terrible negotiators, and they all said, I saw them the other day, this was him like a year ago, Mark my words, you will never ever sign deals with Arab countries, with Israel
It can't be done
Well, we just signed the two great ones, and we got about seven more that want to come in
What a bunch, what a bunch
And then they say bad things about your president
They don't like my foreign policy
I like my foreign policy
You like it
No, we were taken advantage of by the whole world
They're so stupid, so stupid
We've spent the last four years reversing the damage that Biden and his crew inflicted on us over a 47-year period
Joe Biden is weak
He's supported every globalist sellout of North Carolina, the workers, what he's done
And when I say, him, it's him and people in his little group that  You've achieved so much over a period of time
He sold it out
Look at NAFTA
How bad was NAFTA? China's entry into the World Trade Organization
TPP would have destroyed our car industry
And of course, he joined and wanted to join the Paris Climate Accord
That's another beauty
That would have cost you trillions and trillions of dollars
That was actually, I think, designed to put us out of business, literally
Biden has repeatedly surrendered your jobs to China and other countries
This state lost 43% of all manufacturing jobs after the NAFTA and China disasters
You know that
You lost 43%, but I think the real number is 61%, by the way
Biden says that this an election between Scranton and Park Avenue
By the way, he left Scranton
He likes to say, I was born in Pennsylvania
But he doesn't say he left
His father left
Not his fault, but they make it like he's  No, he went to Delaware
He doesn't leave Delaware, that I can tell you
Every time I see this guy  Wilmington, Delaware
Does he ever leave? I'm in Los Angeles
I'm trying to work on the fires
They ought to do some forest management a little bit maybe
Ridiculous
The floors of the forest, it's got 20 years of leaves and trees that are dry as a bone, matchsticks
Forest management
Naturally, this is an election, not between Scranton or wherever it is
It's really between Scranton and China, you know that, Scranton and China
I'm with America
Biden is with China
If Biden wins, China wins
If we win, America wins, North Carolina wins, Pennsylvania wins, and the American workers win in every single state
To save our auto industry, I withdrew from this horrible, horrible deal, Trans-Pacific Partnership
Earlier this year, I kept my promise to North Carolina when I ended the NAFTA nightmare
You got hit so hard
All those empty buildings all over the place, but a lot of them now are filled up because of us
They filled up
When did they fill up? Over the last three-and-a-half years
I proudly signed a brand new US-Mexico-Canada agreement into law, which will bring hundreds of thousands of high paying jobs back to the United States, and it's already doing
We invested $2
5 trillion in the US military
Defense spending in North Carolina has soared by more than $1 billion a year
Congratulations, good job
We launched the first new branch of the US Armed Forces
This by itself would be a big achievement
This is one of so many different things, Right to Try, the military, the vets, everything
We've done so much, but we  75 years, right? Last one was the Air Force
The Army, the Navy, the Air Force, the Marines, the Coast Guard, they're so good
We have another one now, for 75 years, Space Force
We need it
I never even promised that
Right? One of them said recently that, He's actually done more than he promised in the campaign
That means I'm probably the only politician in history
They will tell you, these incredible women up here from North Carolina
Stand up
Will you, please? These are most incredible people
Thank you
Stand up
Turn around for the cameras, so they can see how incredible you are
Thank you
Man, oh, man
What a life
But we took care of the VA with Veterans Choice
You saw that
What Obama was nothing
It wasn't working, the MISSION Act
That's amazing
And accountability, where we can fire people in the VA that aren't taking great care of our vets, okay? You're fired
Get out
You're fired
Out
We killed the founder and leader of ISIS, al-Baghdad
We took out the worlds number-one terrorist and the mass murder of American troops and many others, Qasem Soleimani
He's dead
He's dead
I withdrew from last administration's disastrous Iran nuclear deal
I kept my promise, recognized the true capitol of Israel and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem
And we got it built
I was signing a sheet of paper, you've heard this story, $1
1 billion
I said, What's this for? They said, Sir, now that you've moved, we're going to build an embassy in Israel, in Jerusalem
I say, How much is it? 1
1 billion
You got some friends of mine here, they're builders
You don't spend 1
1 billion on a one-story building
I don't know what's going on
So I said, So, does it have to cost so much? Yes, sir
We're buying land So I called David Friedman
He's our ambassador, he's one of the most successful lawyers in New York
He's a brilliant guy
He loves Israel
Right? Love Israel
I call him
He's the ambassador, he's there
I said, David, they want to spend 1
1 billion on a damn one-story embassy
It's crazy
I said, Would you take a look? Maybe we own some land
We own a lot of land
We've been there a long time
Calls me back
He said, Let me take a look at it, sir
He calls me the next day
Sir, we have a great piece of land, a much better location that we were going to way overpay for, a much bigger piece
We have a setback building that we can renovate and make it great
I said, That's fantastic, David
How much will it cost to renovate the building? I think we can do it for $190,000
So I said, David, it's the first time I've ever done it
I said, David, it's too cheap
You got to spend more than that
So a friend of mine, Ron Baron, he's got an office building, and he's got Jerusalem stone facing the elevators in this high-rise building, Jerusalem stone
And every time I go in, he goes, Oh, you got to see Jerusalem stone
And he paid a fortune for it
He's so proud of it
He doesn't talk about anything but his Jerusalem stone
I said, David, do me a favor
You're I Jerusalem
Right? Yes
Do they have Jerusalem stone? They got so much, we don't know what to do with it
I said, Use all Jerusalem stone when you're rebuilding the building, when you do your renovation
Everything, wrap it in Jerusalem stone
So I think we ended up spending, to fix up the building, like $500,000
Can you believe it? We were going to spend 1
1 billion, and by the way, it would never get built
It wouldn't be built in 20 years from now
And they like it so much, they gave up the plan
They think this is better
It's a better location, it's probably a better building
But I could tell you stories like that all night long, the aircraft carriers that cost 10 times more than they should cost, and then they use the electric catapults
You've heard that
Right? They don't want to use steam
Why? Because it's too simple, because it works, because it's better
So they go to electric catapults that they're working on for years now
Elevators that are operated my magnets instead of hydraulic
Magnets
It sounds good
Trust me, it doesn't work
One little glass of water
We're in the ocean
One little glass of water, boom, those magnets are gone
I could have told them that
I actually asked the architect,  Have you ever built a ship before? It's unbelievable
You heard the story last night about Air Force One
It saved a lot of money
I said to Boeing, No
It's got to have a three in front of it
They were going to buy Air Force One, 5
7 billion
It's a lot of money, but look, it's a helluva a deal
It's a helluva a plane
What can I tell you
I said, How much is the new plane? It was signed by Obama
5
7 billion, sir
I said, That's a lot of money
It's actually two planes
Air Force One is two planes
I'll give you a little
They're going to say, That's classified information
Well, they've been flying around with two planes for 30 years, so I assume somebody knows
And our Air Force One is 31 years old
Right? So, look, it's time
A lot of the Arab sheiks come in
I see their plane
They have a brand new one
I say, What do we have? 31 years, and we're protecting them
Why the hell don't we have a new one? So they finally had, at 31 years old
The new one is totally different, 747
It's much longer, bigger wingspan, much more beautiful
It's modern, it's beautiful
5
7 billion
So I said to the head of Boeing, nice guy, Dennis, this was before they had their difficulty, which is terrible what happened to them, but I said to him, Dennis, I'm not going to spend $5
7 billion on a plane
I'm not going to do it
I won't do it
It's too much
I said last night, I told this story, first time, I said, It's got to have a three on it
He said, We can't do it
No
He called me up the following day, We'll take 200 million off
Somebody said, Well, what are you losing? I said, Nothing
In fact, we're gaining a generator
And I said, You got to build an extra generator
He said, We'll take 200 million off
I said, Nope
I said to the general in charge, I said, General, can we break the deal? Yes, sir, we can
We have a cancellation clause
Good
General, execute your cancellation clause
We're not going to buy it
I'm not going to pay $5
7 billion for Air Force One
I'm not doing it
He said, Yes, sir
I'm very proud of this clause
Why? Why? Because we have the right to cancel
Well, do we have to pay anything? Yes, sir, $250 million
I said, General, don't cancel it
Take it back
Just tell them we don't like the plane
Okay? And I couldn't even say, I'm going to buy it from Europe
The only competitor is Europe
I can't say, We'll buy it from Europe
No, that doesn't work out to well
So I said, Don't do it
I don't want to send them a check
250 million for nothing
Right? We don't want to do it
So I said, Just tell them, We don't like it
The price is too high
We're not going to buy it
But don't send anything, don't put it in writing
Please, general
Yes, sir
Thank you
So about a week later, the head of Boeing called me up
He said, Look, we can get it down, but you're asking for too much
I said, You don't understand
It has to have a three on it, not a four, but three
So another months goes by
I forgot about it
I get a call from Boeing, Would 3
9 billion be okay? I said, Yes, that's okay
It's got a three on it
True
True story
True story, and then somebody said  it's true though, somebody said, Well, it must be a different plane
Yeah
I said, Yeah, we have a much nicer paint job
We have a much nicer paint job, you know that, and it actually got an extra generator put on
Okay? So it's actually more
They said, well, we could use an extra generator
I said, Is there anything else you need? They said, Sir, we could use an extra generator
I said, We'll get it for you, we'll get it
So I had it included in the price
These people know exactly what I'm talking about
It's called included in the price
But think of it, there's hundreds of deals like that
But you're one person, and that's why I got Mark Meadows involved, because he's from North Carolina
He's from North Carolina, and he's cheap as hell
I need some cheap people
Oh, there's many, hundreds and hundreds of stories
I could tell you so much
It's crazy
The Biden agenda would collapse our economy and destroy your country
It would destroy your Social Security and protections for preexisting conditions, it will
He's going to drain your Medicare by giving away our healthcare to illegal immigrants
And I will tell you this, you're going to have socialized medicine
That's as sure as you're there
And Obama lied 28 times when he said you can keep your doctor, you can keep your plan
It was a lie
Said it 28 times, that we have, but it was a lie
But now you're really losing your doctor
You're going to have socialized medicine
Eliminate private healthcare insurance for 180 million Americans who love their healthcare
They have the best in the world
His running mate sponsored the socialist takeover of healthcare
You saw that
He wants to ban private insurance
You're going to lose  180 million people are going to lose their healthcare under this Biden character, and he has no clue
They're going to take it away from him
They're going to be running him ragged
Sign this
Sign this
Okay
What is it? Doesn't matter
Just sign it, President, right now
I'm getting tired
I'd like to rest, I'd like to let Kamala take over as president
That's no way to get into the office, because we're going to have a woman president someday, but you know what? It can't be Kamala
Kamala
Nobody treated him worse, and he picked her
I'll tell you, I was  brilliant forecast
He could never pick her
She called him a racist
Right? She talked about Me Too-ing him
He was going to be Me Too-ed
Right? Me-Too-ed
A lot of bad things
There was nobody
Think of it, even Pocahontas treated him better
She knocked the hell out of Bloomberg, but she left him sort of alone
I think she felt sorry for him
I heard she felt sorry for him
I don't want people to feel sorry for our president
I want other people, really, to feel sorry for themselves, because we have somebody that knows what they're doing
We can't have it
We can joke, we can play games, we can have fun
You can't have this guy as your president
You can't have him
Maybe I'll sign an executive order
You cannot have him as your president
No, but you know this
Everybody knows this
And you know what? People are going to vote for him because they feel sorry for him
I feel sorry for him too
I feel sorry for him
And maybe he'll show up for an hour-and-a-half at a debate
Who the hell knows? I don't know
But you know
You see the condition he's in
You can't have him as your president
And you know what? You can't have her as your vice president, potentially going to be president
And that's why they're pushing so hard, because they know he's going to be out very soon, and she's going to take over
And she is the furthest left person of anybody
She is rated, not by me, she is rated further left than even Bernie Sanders
Okay? He's second, she's first
We will hire more police
Thank you, sheriffs
Thank you, sheriffs
I love the sheriffs
We got the endorsement from all the sheriffs in Florida, everybody up in Ohio and Texas
We have the stuff, nobody's ever seen anything like it, the endorsements from law enforcement
We're going to increase penalties for assaults on law enforcement
We will ban deadly sanctuary cities
We will defeat everybody that we have to, including the virus, but we will defend the dignity of work, and we will defend the sanctity of life
We will uphold religious liberty, free speech and the right to keep and bear arms
We will strike down terrorists who threaten our citizens, and we will keep  You know this, right? It's okay, right? We will keep America out of these ridiculous foreign wars
We will maintain American's unrivaled military might, and we will ensure peace through strength
It's about time
We will end surprise medical bills, require price transparency, and further reduce health insurance premiums and the cost of prescription drugs, which we're doing an unbelievable job on, other than the fact that the drug companies are spending a fortune, because they don't like me much
You will see drug prices, prescription drugs, dropping 50, 60, 70% in a very short period of time
Favored nations clauses
We will strongly protect Medicare and Social Security, and we will always protect patients with preexisting conditions
America will land the first woman on the moon, and the United States will be the first nation to land an astronaut on Mars
You have to see what we've done with NASA
We'll be the first one on Mars, I hope
We will stop the radical indoctrination of our students and restore patriot education to our schools, patriotic education
We will teach our children to love our country, honor our history and always respect our great American flag
And we will live by the timeless words of our national motto, and we will never change it, by the way
We will never change it
They took the word, God, out of the Pledge of Allegiance twice
I said, Did they make a mistake
Did they make a mistake
They didn't for them
They made a mistake for us
We're not going to put up with it
But we will keep, In God we trust
For years, you had a president who apologized for America
Now you have a president who is standing up for America and standing up for the great people of North Carolina
This is the most important election we've ever had
Remember it
We're going to be a socialist country
We're going to be a communist country
These people are further  they're much further left than socialism
These people are sick
So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors, get your coworkers, and get out and vote
Get out and vote
And watch to make sure they're not cheating, which they will be
Early voting has already begun
Don't wait
Get out and vote
We got to win this
If we win this state, we're going to win the whole thing
This is a very important state
If we win North Carolina, we're going to win the whole thing, because we're doing well everywhere, from Wilmington to Charlotte, from Concord to Raleigh, and from Greensboro to right here in Fayetteville
We inherit the legacy of generations of North Carolina patriots, who gave their blood, sweat and tears for this beloved nation
Proud citizens like you, helped build this country
And together, we are taking back our country
We are returning power to you, the American people
With your help, with your devotion and your drive, we are going to keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting, and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning
You hear that, General? We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God
And together, with the incredible people of North Carolina, we will make America wealthy again, we will America strong again, we will make America proud again
We will America safe again, and we will make America great again
Thank you very much
Get out and vote, vote, vote, vote

Thank you everybody
Thank you and Vice President Mike Pence, thank you very much
Incredible
And, hello to Fayetteville
Hello, Fayetteville
It's great to be here in North Carolina's ninth congressional district with the hardworking patriots who believe in faith, family, God and country
Thank you
Thank you
Tomorrow you'll head to the polls to elect a congressman who always puts America first, Dan Bishop
I've just come from a meeting with North Carolina officials representing communities hit by Hurricane Dorian and I expressed the unwavering solidarity of the American people, we are behind you 100%
100%
The prayers of our entire nation are with the citizens of North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Florida and everyone else that was in the storms path, and I will say I was called by the government of The Bahamas and we're helping with The Bahamas
They were hit so hard
They were hit so hard
Who would believe it? We pledged the full support of the federal government through every step of the rebuilding process
And I will say, North Carolina in our country probably got hit the hardest
That was a little bit of a surprise, but I know one thing about North Carolina
You can take it and you'll build it quickly and you'll build it beautifully
And, you'll be back sooner then anybody ever thought and it'll be better then ever
Right? No doubt about it
I also want to give a special recognition to the many non-governmental organizations doing so much to help people recover from Dorian, in particular, Franklin Graham
He's a wonderful guy
He's got an organization, Samaritan's Purse, based right here in North Carolina and the work that Franklin and his family and all of those that are with Franklin Graham we want to thank them
Special, great people
Great People
Thank you Franklin
Thank you
Incredible job
He does such a great job
All over, whenever there's a problem you see Samaritan's Purse and Franklin and his people
We love the people of this state and we will never ever leave your side
North Carolina will truly recover so fast
I know you people so well
Let's not even talk about it
Let's not even talk about it
We're here tonight to discuss the extraordinary progress we're making as a nation and how to ensure this amazing resurgence keeps on going and going strong
In just over two years, we've taken this big beautiful ship and it's being turned around very quickly
Nobody thought this would happen
You know we won the greatest election, certainly one of them, but maybe the greatest, but we won let's say one of the greatest, this way I won't be criticized
They'll say, You know, George Washington had a great election too
The fake news right
The fake news
But, we won one of the greatest elections in history and because of that, and you would be in big trouble if we didn't, I can tell you that
You'd be Instead of going up we were heading in the wrong direction
We have the number one economy anywhere in the world
And every time I meet a foreign leader, almost every time, they say, Congratulations on what you've done with the economy
I said, I didn't do it
I just set a certain path
The people of the United States did it
Number one anywhere in the world
And they tried to do the recession thing
You know, they tried the Russia thing
That didn't work
They tried many other things
I always say, The media and their partner, the Democrats
I wouldn't mind fighting the Democrats, but we really have to look at it as a two-some
It's the media and the Democrats
It's one and the same
We're rebuilding our military, defending our sovereignty and reclaiming our dignity as a nation
America is winning again and America is respected again
They respect America
By the way, I have about 10 women in the front row and you come from North Carolina and they travel all over the place
Hold up your hands
These are great women
I see them so much, and I must say they have other things to do
They look rich as hell to me, I don't know
How many is this? How many rallies have you come too? They can't count
They said all of them except for two
That's a lot of rallies and it all emanates from this area
That's so great
Well, at least you won't have to travel so far for this one, right? Thank you very much for being here
We really appreciate it
Well, we appreciate it
We appreciate it
Thank you
Really incredible people
But you know, we've created six million new jobs since election day and I couldn't say that in my initial rallies because nobody would have believed it
Six million new jobs
More Americans are working today than ever before in the history of our country
Almost 160 million Americans, nobody would have thought that was possible
We wouldn't have been able to say it actually
We've now had 13 straight months of wage gains of at least 3%, so the people that work so hard You remember I used to say during the rallies before we won, people worked two jobs, three jobs and they made less money then they made 21 years before and now wages are going up, the economy is doing great and jobs have never been better
So importantly, more than 70 million Americans have been lifted off of food stamps
Nearly 600,000 Americans entered the labor force last month alone
Think of that
And the unemployment rate for African-Americans just reached another brand new, yesterday, all time low in the history of our country
How do you lose that debate? Remember I used to say, Why do you have to lose? Well, now you have the best unemployment numbers, employment and unemployment numbers, that you've ever had as African-Americans, as Asian-Americans, as Hispanic-Americans
The best numbers we've ever had, and by the way, African-American youth unemployment has also reached the lowest level ever recorded in history
And, the labor force participation rate for women is at the highest level now in 15 years, and soon will be 35 years, and soon, I promise, will probably end up being better than ever
I can tell you the unemployment numbers for women are the best they've been now in 72 years
So, I always say kiddingly, I'm sorry I didn't make it historic, but you know what? It's going to be historic very soon
It'll be historic very soon
And, here in North Carolina, over 230,000 more people now have jobs and small business formation has skyrocketed by more than 25%
Amazing
But, the radical democrats want to dismantle, demolish, and destroy everything that you've gained, and they will do it, and it won't take that long
And, that's why we need Dan Bishop and Greg Murphy
We need them
We need them going down
We need them going down to congress and helping
But, they can do it
It's also why we need four more years
It has to See, it's like a plant
We've changed things, right? Keep America Great
We've changed things, but it's gotta grow
It's gotta develop those roots
And, once it does, it's going to be very hard for them to destroy what we've done
Very hard
And, that's really why I consider this election Look, we had a very, very special day in 2016
It was a very special day
Very special day
It was an incredible day, an incredible month, an incredible year, and I don't know that you can ever compare anything to it
But, I can say this, 2020 is essentially just as important, because they'll try and take it away
Whether it has to do with religion
Our evangelicals are here tonight, and they're all over the place
And, what we've done for them, and for religion, is so important
You know, the other side, I don't think they're big believers They're not big believers in religion
That I can tell you
You listen to some of them
They're trying, and they're trying put out little statements
They're not working too well
Little statements that are a little bit, sort of, not too good, huh? What is the word we want to use? Yeah, a little Nah
Nah
They're pushing a little hard, and it's not working
To stop the far left, you must vote in tomorrow's special election
So important
Or, get your votes in early
I think a lot of Who voted early for Dan Bishop? Good
Well, that's good, but the big thing is tomorrow
Tomorrow is the election, and you'll get out
To protect your family, you must defeat open borders
And, you have Democrat named Dan McCready, and he wants open borders
He wants sanctuary cities
He's not going to protect your Second Amendment
He's doing nothing on your Sec You know, North Carolina's a very big Second Amendment state
And, Dan Bishop, Greg Murphy, these guys, they're going to protect your Second Amendment
But, one of the biggest issues in this election is, in fact, sanctuary cities
McCready supports sanctuary city policies that force prisons and jails to release criminal aliens directly into your neighborhoods
Get out
Go ahead
Go into the neighborhood
Go into What's your neighborhood
Where do you What? Rutherford County! Okay
So, how do you feel about having them released, hardened, horrible criminals into Rutherford County? I don't think so
But, your whole state Honestly Can I be honest? It's crazy what's happening
This whole thing with sanctuary cities, and you go to California, which is so many sanctuary cities, they don't know what's happening out there
You have people that want to get ride of those sanctuary cities, they just aren't able to do it with the people that get elected
A lot of illegal voting going on out there, by the way, a lot of illegal voting
In August, McCready said it was the right call to set illegal alien criminals loose in the great state I'm using the words great state
He doesn't
 Of North Carolina
With the support and encouragement of McCready, sanctuary jurisdictions in North Carolina have released thousands of dangerous criminal aliens into your communities, and you see it
You see it
The charges against these freed criminals includes sexual assault, robbery, drug crimes, kidnapping, and homicide
Murder
Why would you do it? Why would you do it? What is it? Explain it
Just recently, Mecklenburg County set free an illegal alien charged with first-degree rape and crimes against a child
Support for sanctuary cities is disloyalty to American citizens, and McCready wants sanctuary cities with all of their protections for people that are serious criminals
Tomorrow is your chance to send a clear message to the America-hating left, and it's gotta be
And, by the way, we're building that wall, and it's going up very big
Very big
And, you think it's easy to get money when you have the entire Democrat party And, they control the House, and we want to change that
We want to flip the house
We'll get so much
It'll be amazing what we can do for our country
We don't want dangerous criminal aliens roaming free in North Carolina
We want to take care of it
This state should be a sanctuary for law abiding Americans, not for criminal aliens
Our great Republican candidate, Dan Bishop, will fight with everything he has to stop sanctuary cities and defend the people of this great state
Dan, come on up
Dan Bishop, everyone
Get out and vote
Come on up, Dan
We need a doctor
A doctor in the house, please
A doctor, please
Doctor in the house
Thank you
Take your time, please
Take your time
We've got plenty of time
Thank you
Take your time
Thank you, Doctor
Take your time
People have been standing outside for two days to get in, so this happens
Thank you
Thank you, Doctor
Doing better? Good
That's good
That's good
That's great
That's really great
Thank you! Thank you, sir
Thank you
That's really great
Thank you very much
I guess Dan's speech wasn't so good
What do you think? That's great
Thank you very much
Great job
Thank you, Doctor
Thank you, everybody
Thank you, law enforcement
Thank you very much
Thank you
Thank you, Dan
That was a good job
That was a good job
He means it, too
He's great
Go out and vote tomorrow for Dan Bishop, please
So, we've had great support over the last six months in particular from a man who happens to be your senator right now, and we need him to keep going, because he has been fantastic
And, I believe he's here tonight
I just came in
The weather wasn't so great to be traveling today, and they said, Maybe we could skip North Carolina today, sir
So, I said, No, thank you
I said, No, thank you
Can you imagine? And, by the way, I have to say, we have a big crowd in here, right? You haven't seen outside
Thousands and thousands of people who couldn't get in
And, when people wait two or three days to come in and especially these first rows, I just want to tell you we really thank you
Incredible
But, Thom Tillis has really worked with us over the last period of time
He's recently introduced a bill to give American victims the right to sue sanctuary cities
That's a big deal
And hold them accountable for the lives that they've shattered
But, to pass the bill, we need more Republicans
Tomorrow there is another crucial special election, and we have a fantastic guy running in that one, too, Republican Greg Murphy
It looks like he's in good shape, but you've got to get it out
So, I want to introduce Thom Tillis, and I want to introduce Greg Murphy
I want to thank you both
Thank you
Thank you, Thom, and thank you, Greg
So, Greg Murphy is looking to, like Dan, cut your taxes, defend your Second Amendment, support our policies, really, really support our military and our veterans
We have rebuilt our military
Greg Murphy, come on up for a second here
Greg Murphy
Come up
Come up, Greg
Come on up, Greg
Come on up, Greg
Just for a second
Then, we'll get back to business
We've got to do this, and I don't know
He's been a great champ Thank you, Greg
Come
Please
Good luck tomorrow, Greg
Get out there and vote for those two guys
They're terrific
We're thrilled to be joined tonight by many more terrific Republican leaders
A man who's really been stepping up to the front
He defended Justice Kavanaugh when he was treated so badly
I've never seen anything like the treatment that Justice Kavanaugh received
And, everybody respects him, and everybody likes him
And, I like him, and we used to fight like hell, right? But, we don't fight anymore
We like each other a lot, and he's a special man
And, he's become a special friend
Senator Lindsay Graham
Another man who is a fighter I guess we're all fighters
You have to be a fighter or you're not going to be here very long
I can tell you that
We've got to fight them more than anybody else
But, a man who's done an incredible job in Washington, took over a rough situation, and he's become a real leader, and that's Republican Leader, Kevin McCarthy
Kevin
Kevin's working so hard for so many different people
He wants to see Dan and Greg win so badly
Thank you for being here
Appreciate it, Leader
Representative David Rouzer
David, thank you
David Rouzer
He's done a fantastic job
Our lieutenant governor who is going to be, I think, a highly competitive candidate for a very important race, Dan Forest
Thank you, Dan
Thank you very much, Dan
We also have North Carolina Republican Party Chair, Michael Whatley
What a job you've done
And, we have a man from North Carolina who loves this state
He fights so hard
He doesn't know what it is not to fight
You know who I'm talking about? They got it, Mark
You're all screaming, Mark Meadows
That's right
He's great
So many
Jim Jordan, Andy Biggs, Gaetz, and I just got so By the way, Devin Nunez
Devin Nunez
How about Devin? He was out there when it wasn't in vogue to be saying that Comey was a stone cold liar and leaker
But, he knew it all the time, Devin Nunez
But, Mark Meadows is pretty incredible, and do they love  but Mark Meadows has been incredible, and do they love him in your state
Do they love Mark Meadows
Thank you Mark
Also a friend of mine who's been with us from the beginning, he's not a politician but he might as well be one
He loves us
He loves this party and he loves your state, lives here, Louis DeJoy
One of the most successful people
Thank you, Louis and your wife is doing a great job Louis
And a very special thanks to my son, Don Junior and Kimberly
Great job
Did Don Junior give a good speech? I heard that
They all said, He was on fire
Well, he's fighting
He loves this country
My son loves this country
My family loves this country, and two people, from your state, that the first lady, before she was first lady, she said, You know, there are two people that are unbelievable
You've got to watch them
I said, I'm not interested
I'm too busy
No, no, no
You have to watch them
They're so great, they're so smart
They love the country, they love you
Diamond and Silk
They are incredible
Incredible people
Thank you very much
Thank you, what a job, and they're doing very well I have to tell you that
Our shared Republican agenda is pro-worker, pro-jobs, pro-family, pro-growth, and 100% pro-American
And by the way, so is Doug Collins, and so John Ratcliffe
Thank you fellows
Thank you
Two incredible fighters also
For decades our leaders put global interest and special interest ahead of your interest
You know that better than anybody, and this state knows it better than anybody
They traded away your factories, sold your future, squandered your tax dollars, sacrificed your security, and bogged us down in one foreign debacle after another
But all of that is changed
We're respected again
They're all saying, Oh, gee
I hope he doesn't do this or that
They've taken advantage of us for years, and I have to say sadly, in many cases it's our allies that took the greatest advantage of this country
But now you finally have a president who understands that I'm not supposed to be the president of the world, I'm supposed to be the President of the United States of America
To bring back our jobs for other countries, we passed the largest package of tax cuts and reforms in American history
We've cut a record number of job killing regulations
No president, no longer how long they serve, has gotten anywhere even close to what we've done with regulations, and that's one of the reasons our economy is so good
And we have tremendous potential upward, and China wants to talk
They want to talk
China's lost three million jobs, thousands of companies are leaving China, the supply chain is crumbling because they can't pay the tariffs, and our country has taken over things that you would've never thought
As an example, hundreds of billions of dollars have been and are coming into our country in the form of tariffs, and China is eating the cost, which the fake news doesn't want to tell you
And out of the tens of billions of dollars that we've taken in, because of the fact that our great American patriot farmers have been targeted by China, they've been targeted, because they know the farmer is like Trump
I love the farmers
So they targeted the farmers, and I said to Sonny Perdue, Secretary of Agriculture, Sonny, how much was it, last year and the year before? Tell me
It was $12 billion and it was $16 billion, and out of the tariffs that we've taken in, we gave to our farmers for distribution, hopefully very good distribution, hopefully very even distribution, we've given them $28 billion so that they're whole
So that they're whole
Nobody would ever do that
Nobody would ever do that, I can tell you that right now, and our farmers know we have to fight
I see it all the time, where some of the networks that are crazy, they have a group of farmers, in some cases they have groups of women, they say, What do you think of President Trump? We like him a lot
We're with him all the way
And they want to turn off the cameras
They go crazy, but with the farmers you know that
You ever see that? The 10 women
What do you think of President Trump? We love him! Boy would I like to put you on television, I'll tell you right now, and they can't turn off those cameras fast enough, but they say to the farmers, You voted for President Trump, are you happy? And ever one of them said, He did things that no ones ever done before
Who would think of getting 12 billion plus 16 million, $28 billion, because they've been targeted
That's the amount I asked Sonny, I said Sonny, What's the amount they've took our of our farmers? It was 16 billion and the year before 12
And said Sonny, We got to make that up, and we made that up
Who would do that? Nobody would do that
First of all, nobody else ever had tens of billions of dollars pouring in from China because it's always been the other way around
China has taken advantage of our country for decades, decades
And I guarantee you one thing, none of these Democrats, whether it's Pocahontas or Sleepy Joe, none of them would be able to do a thing about it, and nobody would ever think of helping the farmers who have been targeted by China
China made $500 billion over the last number of years, on a yearly basis, they steal our intellectual property
So many other things
So now it's just different, and now it's working the other way, and tariffs are a beautiful thing when you know how to use them, they're a beautiful thing
And I want China to do well, and I hope they do well, but they've had now the worst year in 57 years
I wonder why? I wonder why? And hopefully it'll all work out
We'll see
We're going to be talking next week
We're talking now
They're going to be coming to the United States in two or three weeks, and we'll see what happens, but unless we're going to make a good deal or a fair deal for our country, let's face it, we can not go back to a situation
We're giving hundreds of billions of dollars to China becomes standard fare
Not going to happen, we can't do it, and we have many other countries also, but we'll worry about them a little bit later
Plenty of others, they've taken advantage of our country like you wouldn't believe, and I've been saying this for many years
I was saying this when I was a private citizen
They take our jobs, they make our product, they sell the product into our country with no tax, no nothing
So we end up with closed factories, no jobs, no taxes, no nothing, and these other countries gain
As an example, Mexico, I must say they've really helped us at the border
The Democrats will not doing anything about these horrible open loopholes, which would be so good
So we're doing it a different way, and Mexico is now patrolling with 27,000 troops
They've never had two troops steward our border, and you saw the numbers today were down approximately 57%
But our country could fix it so easy if the Democrats would sit with me for 15 minutes, but they don't want to do that because they want to have open borders
They want to have drugs pouring into our country
You have to have a wall and you have to stop it, and when you look at what's happening with human trafficking, and it's mostly women, they traffic in women and they pour through our borders
Well, every inch of wall that we put up is vital and we're putting up miles and miles, and we intend by next year, at the end of the year, to have anywhere between 400 and 500 miles of wall built, and this is serious wall
This is the real deal
Serious wall
And I want to thank our new Secretary of Defense, Mark Esper, for the job he's done and he views it really as a national security threat, and you have to
What can be much more threatening that people that want to pour across our borders, and we have the worst walls, we have the weakest walls in the history of any country? You can't do anything to stop them
You have program, catch and release
You catch them and then you have to release them, and they're suppose to come back to court in the next three, four, fix, six years, and nobody shows up, and Democrats don't want to fix it
So we're stopping them, so we don't even have to worry about court
We ended the last administrations cruel war on American energy
The United States is now the number one producer of oil and natural gas anywhere in the world
And for all of these crazy people, but they're not so crazy, they know what they're doing, that talk about Russia, Russia, Russia
Russia's not too happy about that
Their primary source of income is oil and gas, and now we're bigger than Russia, bigger than Saudi Arabia
We're bigger than everybody, and we're doing great
So they're not exactly happy
The Russian Hoax, was a pure hoax, you saw that with Comey the other day
Yet every leading Democrat running for president pledges to ban the energy that drives our economy, and wage an under If you look at what's going on your way of life is under assault by these people
I mean, I go out and sometimes I'll get these huge audiences, and I wish we could've gotten a large arena than this
We tried
I was even willing to stand out in the rain and get my hair soaking wet, but they said it was a little bit out of your district, and I said, I don't know if it looks good being out of your district
But I was willing to do it, I would've taken it
I would have been very proud to have done it
It would've shown it's my real hair at least
It wouldn't be pretty, but it's my hair
May not be great, but I will say it's better than most of my friends who are the same age
A lot better
A lot! But we had a different location, as you all know, and we said, Let's do this one
It's bigger
And we put screens outside for all of the people
We have screens and loud speakers and everything
It's really amazing what's going on out there, but after years of building up there countries, we are finally building up our country, that's the bottom line
The last administration, with Biden and Obama at the helm, they tried to ram through one of the worst trade deals that ever been negotiated, the Transpacific Partnership
You could've kissed many of your industries goodbye
TPP would've gutted the American auto industry
It would've been even worse than NAFTA, and we know how bad NAFTA was
All you have to do, is even to this day, look around at all those empty plants where people moved down and companies moved down to Mexico
Not under the USMCA
We got to get Nancy Pelosi to put it in for a vote, make it bipartisan
She'll have tremendous Democrat support
The farmers want it, the unions want it, the manufacturers want it, and by the way, 600,000 manufacturing jobs in this country, remember? You would need a magic wand
You can't do that anymore
Well, we did it, but we've got to get USMCA put up for a vote by the Democrats
But in my first week in office I proudly withdrew from that job destroying TPP catastrophe, and we're replacing one of the worst trade deals ever made by any country
You can go back as far as you want, NAFTA, the disaster of NAFTA
So whatever you do, start talking to your people, we need a vote on the USMCA
That's United States, Mexico, and Canada, and they've already voted
They want it and we want it, and it's great for the farmers
It's great for everybody
We're also aggressively combating a problem that you have in North Carolina, problem that we have in almost all states, the opioid epidemic
Last year we saw the first nationwide decline in drug overdose deaths in nearly 31 years
At the center of the American drug crisis is the border crisis
Criminal cartel smuggle vast quantities of lethal narcotics across our souther border, including heroin, meth, cocaine, and fentanyl
100,000 people a year die from what comes across our souther border, and we can get the Democrats to help us in sealing it even tighter
We got to get them
We got to get them
We got to get them
So if you want to stop the drug smugglers, the human traffickers, the viscous MS13 gang members, and by the way thank you to ICE
These people go into those nests, we call them nets
These are vicious, vicious people
We got into the nests with our ICE people, and for them it's another day at the office
There aren't too many people in this room that want to do it for a living
Let me see
That guy would
Maybe him, maybe her, right? Maybe her
But it's a rough job and they get so little praise for the job that they do
So dangerous
These are many killers in those gangs, and we're taking them out of our country by the thousands, MS13
And as you know, Democrats even want to give free healthcare to illegal immigrants
As long as I'm your president I will never, ever let Democrats take away your healthcare, and give it away free to people that have entered our country illegally
We can't do that
It's a tremendous incentive to come in
Democrats also want to bring in unlimited numbers of foreign refugees from overseas, all at the expense of supporting their own communities
Republicans, no matter what you do, where you are, we want people to obey our laws
You want people that are going to help our country
The Democrat party has never been farther outside of the mainstream
Every major Democrat running for president supports a massive government takeover of healthcare that would raid Medicare, force private doctors out of medicine, and lead to the rationing of life saving treatments
And they want to take away your private healthcare, your private insurance
180 million people will lose with what they want to do
It's a disaster
It's like, did you ever really feel where you don't even have to treat people nicely? You don't have any choice, you have to vote for me
I can leave right now
I can say, North Carolina, I've had it with you
I'm leaving right now
And you know what? You got to go out and vote
What are you going to do? Put one of these crazy people running our country again? But it's never been so far left
I told a story the other day about a business man I saw, one of the biggest in the country
You probably know his name
He's hated me for 20 years, and I've hated him also
Okay? Now they're going to go out tomorrow, Breaking news, Donald Trump hates people
You're sort of right about that
I never liked this guy, and I see him in the White House, and I say, What are you doing here? And he goes, Mr
President
See now he calls me Mr
President
He used to call me something else
Mr
President, I'm fighting for your victory
I said, You got to be kidding
He goes, Honestly, you're doing a great job, but also if this radical left gets in they're going to take away everything, and they're going to destroy our country
And for the first time I like this guy
My administration is defending your right to choose the plan and the doctor that is best for you
Remember President Obama? 28 times, remember 28 times, they counted them and there's much more than that I would imagine, that you can choose your plan, you can choose your doctor
It didn't work out that way, did it? Obamacare, and we're keeping Obamacare alive
We got rid of the individual mandate, the worst part of Obamacare
We're keeping it and running it as well as it can, but the premiums are too high
The deductibles are through the roof
It's ridiculous, and we're coming up with Lindsey Graham and all of the folks, we're coming up with a great healthcare plan that if we take back to the house
That's why Dan and Greg, if we take back the House, if we keep the Senate, and maybe even increase it a little bit, wouldn't be bad, and on the assumption we keep the presidency, you're going to have great healthcare
Thank you
We almost had it
We had a man campaigning for eight years to knock out Obamacare, and when he voted it didn't work out that way, did it? We had it, and we would have had it, but we're going to end up actually with a better plan
Sometimes through adversity things work out better
We're going to end up with a better plan, you watch
We'll always protect patients with pre-existing conditions also
Always, yep, my word
Our ambitious campaign to reduce the price of prescription drugs has produced the largest decline in drug prices in more than 51 years
Virtually every top Democrat also now supports late term abortion
Ripping babies straight from the mother's womb, right up to the moment of birth, and if you look at the governor of Virginia, he was even talking about essentially you would say an execution
He was talking after the baby is born, the doctor will talk to the mother and they'll make the decision as to whether or not that baby lives
This is a radical Democrat idea
That's why I've asked Congress to prohibit extreme late term abortion, because Republicans believe that every child is a sacred gift from God
Democrats are now the party of high taxes, high crime, open borders, late term abortion, and socialism
They're socialists
The Republican party is the party of the American worker, the American family, and the American dream
Every day they're making good on the motto, Promise made, promises kept
In fact, we are keeping even more promises by far than we made, or than we promised
So many more
So many more
So many more
You know what we did with respect to people that are very sick or terminally ill, right? Right to try it's called
I love that name
Right to try
We have some of the greatest doctors in the world, labs in the world, hospitals in the world, and we have incredible medicine that's prohibited from being used until it gets approval, and sometimes that approval can take many years
And I said, Wait a minute, if a person is sick  And they've been trying to get this for 45 years
I said, If a person is sick, and maybe terminally ill, why aren't we letting them try this new technology? And so many things are happening, and we did Right to Try
And it wasn't easy, but I was helped by Lindsey and a lot of great people
A lot of great people
All of them helped
Mark helped so much
All of them help
Rick
We have had a tremendous success
We had so many people wanting to help, but it was complicated believe it not because the country didn't want the liability
I said, You know what you do? You draw up an agreement taking away liability
They said, That's a good idea
The insurance companies and the drug companies were very unsure
This has been going on for many years
I got it done
The results have been unbelievable
Right to Try
Things that we've never even talked about we're getting done
Maybe one of the biggest things is within about a month, we'll have close to 180 federal judges, including the public division judges
Including two great new Supreme Court Justices
Justice Neil Gorsuch, and Justice Brett Cavanaugh, who they put through hell
We passed something that they've wanted to do for half a century
We passed VA Choice
So when your great and honored veterans are waiting in line for three weeks, four weeks, five days, 10 days, two months, they go to a private doctor, we pay for the bill, and they get themselves taken care of, instead of dying, which was happening
And we also passed VA Accountability on behalf of our great veterans
That means when they treat our veterans, and they wouldn't have done it in primetime I can tell you, but when they treat our sick and trouble veterans badly we can say, You're fired
Get the heck out
It's called VA Accountability
That's another one we've been trying, and in all fairness the unions made it very tough
Civil service made it almost impossible
Everyone said, You're never going to get it done
We got it done
We want to thank the Republican Senate
I want to thank some incredible people in the House of Representatives, and Kevin I want to thank you  people in the House of Representatives
And Kevin, I want to thank you because that was a great job you did on that one
That was a great job, thank you, Kevin McCarthy
We've received record funding for the US military, 700 billion last year, 716 billion dollars this year, 738 billion dollars  And you know, know I'm a big believer in budgets but we have no choice
We had to rebuild our military with all that's going on today with China, with Russia, with radical Islam, with everything that's happening, we had to do something
And you know, budgets are fine, I love budgets and we will get to that, don't worry about it
But we had to rebuild, our military was totally depleted, it was totally depleted
We have beautiful new F-35's, F-18's, new ships, new missiles, new rockets, we have new everything
I came back with Admiral Brown, the United States Coast Guard and some of the other folks, and they were saying that the new Coast Guard cutters  How good a job has the Coast Guard done during these hurricanes? And I said, Admiral, how good are the new Coast Guard cutters? He said, They're the finest in the world, sir
And they had old broken equipment that they had to keep going on a shoestring
They have brand new Coast Guard cutters
We had to do it, we had to do it
There's always time for the other but we had to do it
We've rebuilt our military, we've taken care of the great people that work in our military
We gave them a raise, a beautiful raise they were so entitled to
And I also got other NATO members to pay an additional 100 billion dollars over the last year and a half that they weren't paying, they were delinquent
We're supposed to protect them and they don't pay, I say you can't do that
You can't do that, you got to pay, NATO
Now we're finally making immensely wealthy countries pay the cost of their defense, we're negotiating with a lot of them
Think of it, we have these immensely wealthy countries and they're paying for a fraction of our cost to defend them
How did that happen? And do you know what the biggest excuse is when I go to them and I'll say, King, you got to pay, or, Mr
Prime minister, you got to pay, or, Mr
President, you've got to pay, you know? It's costing us billions of dollars to protect these wealthy
You know what their biggest thing is? Because I can't understand how we did this for so many years, decades, decades  You have been defending all of  I won't mention names because I don't want to embarrass anybody
I don't want to, forget it, some of the wealthiest countries in the world
And when I say, King, President, Prime Minister, Queen, no matter what I say, you know what they say? But nobody's ever asked us to do that before, that's the only excuse
Because I say to them, Why would we do this? Why are we defending you? You're immensely wealthy, you compete with us on trade
We have lousy trade deals that we are renegotiating many of them and ultimately all of them
Why are we protecting you, Mr
President? Well, I don't know, I don't know
But you know what their answer is? Because you've always done it
That's not a great answer
So we're taking in billions and billions but I've got 100 billion dollars and the Secretary General of NATO, Stoltenberg, is my biggest fan
He said, Until President Trump, you had to see the data across the spending was going like this
And ours was going like this, we were defending many countries that treat us very badly on trade and very unfairly
We were defending them and now it's changing, around 100 billion dollars, they're not happy
And then I read where Obama is more popular in Germany than Trump
He's got to be, I'm making people pay their bills, he's got to be
You know, the day that I'm more popular than him, I'm not doing my job
The big story, they like him more in Europe than they like Trump
I think they should
100 billion dollars more they're paying
To protect America's security, I withdrew the United States from the horrible one-sided Iran Nuclear Deal
We paid them 150 billion dollars for that piece of work
I withdrew it and we put sanctions all over the place and they're a much different country and let's see what happens
But I can tell you they'd like to get back to business because they're not doing very well
When I came into office, Iran was a real terror
18 sites of confliction, they were behind every one of them in the Middle East
And who knows, could have been elsewhere
And I said we're not going to do it, 150 billion dollars President Obama paid and 1
8 billion in cash
Whoever saw a million dollars piled up as a promotion? In hundred dollar bills, it's a lot
Now take a million dollars and make it 1
8 billion dollars in cash
I'm actually more impressed with that number than 150 billion dollars, you want to know the truth
1
8 billion dollars in cash and we got taken to the cleaners so I terminated the deal
And I recognized Israel's true capital and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem which every president said they would do
And I also approved for Israel the Golan Heights and if you really think about it, I said to people, What's more important, the Golan Heights or the capital of Jerusalem by moving our embassy there? He said, Neither, sir
What you've done in Iran is more important than both of them
I said, You know, I guess you're right when you think about it
So we've done a good job, all of us together, as a movement we've done a great job for Israel
For years, you watched as your politicians apologized for America
Now you have a president who is standing up for america and we are standing up for the people of North Carolina
You must never forget that the 2020 election is about one thing thing, you
It's true, it's not about me, it's about you
It's about your family, your future and the fate of your country
That's what we did in 2016, they came from the hills and valleys, they came from the cities, they came from all over the place and people were saying, these fakers back there, they were saying, What the hell is happening? But I knew it was going to happen because we go out and we see these rallies, the likes of which no one has ever seen before ever, ever, ever in politics, ever in politics
A vote for any Democrat in 2020 and a vote for any Democrat tomorrow in North Carolina is a vote for the rise of radical socialism and a destruction of the American dream
We are entering this campaign with the best record, the best results, the best agenda and the only positive vision for the people of North Carolina
And I've said it and I say it loudly and proudly, I don't believe there's been any president or any administration that has done more in 2
5 years then we have as a group in America
When you add it all up, nobody's done what we have
Our first task is a giant victory
Tomorrow, right here in the great state of North Carolina with your support, tomorrow we take the first steps to firing Speaker Pelosi and winning back the House in 2020
We need everybody to get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors and get out and vote for Dan Bishop and get out and vote for Greg Murphy, you got to get out tomorrow and vote
Together we will lift millions more from our horrible, horrible situations that have developed over the years
Look at what's happening to Democrat-run cities, every single one of them
We are going to lift millions more of our citizens from welfare to work, dependence to independence, and poverty to prosperity
With your help, we will elect for Republicans to Congress to create a safe, modern, fair and lawful system of immigration
We will enact great deals that result in more products probably stamped with the four beautiful words made in the USA, made in the USA
You want made in America, I don't care, what do you like better? Made in america or made in the USA? Go ahead
Wait, ready? You want made in America then made in the USA
What do you like better, made in America, made in the USA? Okay, I think we know that answer
So in 2016 we had in my opinion the greatest phrase in the history of politics, make America great again
Now we are within moments hopefully of having, despite what you heard a few weeks ago, where we were heading
And they're going, Please, please let there be a recession, please
They're willing to give up their results because they think it will help them win the election
They're not going to win the election
Don't forget, we are doing this and still fighting the unfairness of China and other countries on trade
What happens when that gets fixed and other things get fixed? We're setting new records and we're fighting trade deals and we're fighting military deals that are unfair to our country
Think what happens when it all gets fixed, We have ourselves a country that's going to be so strong
But we had a phrase, make what? Make America great again, the best
I think it was maybe the greatest, 2016, but we've done a lot and now they're very close to setting a new  I think it's the 118th time that we will have set a new record with the stock market, right? Many, many times, many, many times
I can't be certain that many but it's a lot, okay? I always have to preface it because there'll be headlines, Trump didn't tell the truth
So I've always got to be extremely cautious
We had the greatest phrase of all time and even the fake news media would agree, make America great again, MAGA country, make America great again
Now we still have a year and a half, little bit less, can you believe it? Can you believe it? I stood in the White House with the first lady that first night and I said, Wow, look at this
That's the bedroom of Abraham Lincoln, you have to see this
It's so perfectly done, it's so the way it was
We announced it in front of the press and in 2026
And I said, Well, wait a minute, under the normal rules I will be out in 2024 so we may have to go for an extra term
Oh, they're going crazy
Tomorrow, you will see headlines, Trump wants an extra term, I told you, I told you
He wants an extra term, ladies and gentlemen
We told you, we told you he's a dictator, we told you
No, no, I'm only kidding, I'm only kidding
But we actually have the World Cup, it's the biggest sporting event in the world and we got it
And that's where we're working it also with Mexico and Canada to give them some of the games
We've got a great relationship with the World Cup, it's a big deal
Bob Kraft helped me with the New England Patriots people
Tom Brady had a pretty good game the other night, right? They have a good a coach, whether you like it or not, and I know you, North Carolina
But how good a coach, in all fairness here, is Coach Belichick? How good is he? I know you want to be cool but he's pretty good
We have to appreciate genius, we all like genius
But we are going to achieve new breakthroughs in science, medicine, finding new cures for childhood cancer and ending within 10 years the AIDS epidemic in America
That's shocking to hear that but we can do it, we're going to do it, definitely
Incredible, the strides that we have made
We will defeat the Democrats to drive up the cost of houses, cars, healthcare and education by liberating Americans from their analysts' push for a job killing, soul crushing Washington regulations
As an example, we're trying to get the car companies, going to give them a little bit of extra energy and they will be able to build a car that consumers can buy which will be better than the car they make today
And you'll save 3,500 dollars, think of that
It will be safer, it will be better, you can save 3,500 dollars, it will be less costly
And we're going to try to get that done
And then they were forcing you to buy light bulbs that cost a fortune, so I signed something a couple days ago that gives you the right to continue to use the incandescent light bulbs, I don't know about you, much less expensive lights that are beaming down over us
But you know, somebody told me that as you know, they're much more expensive bulbs than for what you save
But they said that if the bulb break, it's considered almost like the waste site
It's very big, the bulbs, the new bulbs, they're very dangerous with all of the gases
And I said, What's the point? Well, then he said, Well, I'm saying if we continue that production, they can buy whatever they want to buy but it can really save a tremendous amount of money and even have a light that's better
And there is a big danger, in fact they have labels, don't break this bulb
What do you do, you're going to throw it away? I promise I won't break it, all the new ones
So you can hopefully buy the new ones but you can buy the old ones too and you can save a lot of money and you could even look better
We will defend privacy, free speech, free assembly, religious liberty and the right to keep and bear arms
Above all, we will never stop fighting for the values that bind us together as one America, we'll be one united nation
We'll support, protect and defend the Constitution of the United States
We stand with the incredible heroes of law enforcement, thank you, law enforcement
We believe in the dignity of work and the sanctity of life
We believe that faith and family, not government and bureaucracy, are the true American way like you
We believe that children should be taught to love our country, honor our history, and to always respect our great American flag
And we will live by the words of our national motto, in God we trust, it'll stay there
We stand on the shoulders of American patriots who crossed the ocean, settled the continent, tamed the wilderness, revolutionized industry, pioneered science, won two world wars wars, defeated fascism and communism, put a man on the moon and built the most exceptional country in the history of the world
We are great Americans and the future belongs to us
The future belongs to you
With your help, your devotion and your drive, we are going to keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting and I'd like to fight a little less with these people but they just don't stop
They just keep coming at you in waves
They are unfortunately not the best people
And we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning, we're going to keep on winning
We are one movement, one people, one family and one glorious nation under God
America is thriving like never before, we may have right now the greatest economy in the history of our nation
And ladies and gentlemen of North Carolina, the best is yet to come
Together we will make America wealthy again
We will make America strong again, we will
We will make America safe again
And we will make America great again
Thank you, everybody
Thank you, North Carolina
Thank you

We brought you a lot of car plants, Michigan
We brought you a lot of car plants
You know that, right? Long time, it's been a long time since you had all these plants being built, but we brought you a lot over the last three and a half years, and we're going to bring you a lot more
That's happening
Hello, Michigan and I'm thrilled to be in Freeland with thousands of loyal, hardworking American patriots
Fifty-four days from now, we're going to win Michigan, and we're going to win four more years in the White House
This is the most important election in the history of our country
Joe Biden devoted his career to offshoring Michigan's jobs, outsourcing- We shouldn't be smiling about it, but we've changed it around
Outsourcing Michigan's factories, throwing open your borders, dragging us into endless foreign wars and surrendering our children's future to China and other far away lands
Biden supported every disastrous globalist sellout for over a half a century, including NAFTA, China, and DPP
You know that
Joe Biden surrendered your jobs to China and now he wants to surrender our country to the violent left wing mob and you're seeing that every night
If Biden wins, China wins
If Biden wins, the mob wins
If Biden wins, the rioters, anarchist, arsonist and flag burners win
But I wouldn't worry about it because he's not winning
I don't think he's winning
This is not the crowd of a person who comes in second place
You do know that
The same thing happened four years ago
It was election eve but by the time I got here, it was late
Some of you are in that audience at one o'clock in the morning now election day
We had 32,000 people show up and the reason I went is that I heard that crooked Hillary Clinton, Bill Clinton and Barack Hussein Obama were traveling to Michigan because they heard they had problems
They were supposed to win Michigan, but they did such a lousy job that they had to come and get some votes
They came and I heard about it
They said, Sir, could you do it? I hopped in the plane
We landed at 12 o'clock in the evening
I started speaking at one o'clock in the morning now election day
32,000 people
She had 500 people
I said, Why are we going to lose Michigan? And we didn't
And we didn't
First time in a long time, but now we're up in the polls
We just saw polls
We're up in Michigan
I don't know if that's good or bad
I don't know
I don't know if that's good or bad because in all those polls where we were down last time, we won
So maybe we're better off being down a little bit
Hello, John James
I see you handsome guy
John James, get out and vote for John
I'm going to introduce you in a second John James
What a job you've done
I have to tell you, he took, I saw this group of people that were running, all nice people, three very rich people and one guy that was John James and I saw them all
Right? I saw them all and I said, Wait
With the wonderful invention of TiVo, one of the greats, you can play it back
I said, Who was that? He said, I don't know, sir
I said, Play it back
I said, That man is going to be a star
It was John James
That was in the Republican primary
After learning about him with his incredible career and helicopter, and he's a great, and actually a great flyer I heard the other day, a great one, a really good one as opposed to those that aren't so good, but his incredible background and education at West Point and all of the things he did
I said, This guy and I endorsed him and he went like a rocket ship
Frankly, if he had a little more support, he would have won the last time
This time, I hear you're even, and maybe even ahead, and we're going to win with John James
He's a great guy, but I'm going to introduce him in a second
I'm running for reelection to keep jobs in Michigan
We have got a lot of  Last year before the China plague came in, we have the China plague
Thank you China very much
Should have never let that happen
They should have never, ever let it happen
They stopped it from going into China, but they didn't stop it from coming out here and coming into the US, in Europe and the rest of the world, 188 countries
But it is what it is and we're not happy about it and we're going to remember it
We're going to remember it, but we had in Michigan and in the country, the greatest economy in the history of the world, there has never been an economy
Now, we're building it again and it's being built fast
By the way, it's turning out to be John, a super V
No more V
Now it's starting out to be a super V, but to put violent criminals behind bars and to ensure the future belongs to America, not to China, because if we win, America wins and that's what it's about
If we win, America wins
Not only does Joe Biden want to eliminate your jobs, he wants to eliminate your borders
He's promised to flood your state with refugees
You know that as well as I do
You see it all the time
From terrorist hotspots around the world, including Syria, Somalia, and Yemen, Biden's pledged to have a 700% increase
He made this deal with crazy Bernie, a 700% increase in the flow of refugees
So, he wants to lift it up by 700%
This is in their manifesto
He's also pledged to terminate all national security travel bans, overwhelming your state with poorly vetted migrants from jihadist regions
Making matters worse, he would open the flood gates in the middle of a pandemic
By the way, the wall, it's over 311 miles long right now doing very well
Doing very well
Make the mic louder, the mic louder
Biden is waging war against the American middle class
I think most of you are not middle class
You're upper class
You're the elite
You know the way they talk about the elite, the elite, they're really elite
I see them
They're not elite
You're the elite
The elite has decided
Boy, have we hurt the elite, haven't we now? You're the super elite
The left wants to get rid of me so they can come after you
It's very simple
Over the last three and a half years, we've secured America's borders, blocked the entry of foreign terrorist, fixed our disastrous trade deals and we have fixed our trade deals good
They are good
In fact, Biden was interviewed today on  There they are
CNN
No, he was just interviewed today
He was interviewed by Jake Tapper who I find to be a nice guy
I don't think he likes me too much, but that's okay
He was interviewed on CNN and they said, Which is better, NAFTA or the USMCA? He said, No, no, the USMCA
Tapper goes, What? Couldn't believe it
He said USMCA
He made a mistake
From his perspective, he made a mistake because he doesn't know what's going on
Even though he's right, he doesn't know
There were a little surprised to hear that
They gave him a few chances
Let's ask that question again, but we brought back our manufacturing jobs
We rebuilt the awesome power of the US military
We obliterated the ISIS caliphate and built the greatest economy in the history of the world
Now, we are doing it again bigger and better than ever before
Before the end of the year, we will have a safe and effective vaccine and we will defeat the China virus
I have a feeling  By the way, I think the vaccine is going to come very soon, going to come very soon
With it or without it, we're rounding the turn
You see what's happening
You see the numbers are plunging
You see how good we're doing relative to other countries and other parts of the world, but the fake news doesn't like saying that
They don't like telling you that
Next year, unless you have somebody that's going to quadruple your taxes, raise your taxes, raise up all of those regulations that we cut, next year will be one of the greatest years of the history of our country
At no time before has there been a clearer choice between two parties, two visions, two philosophies, and two agendas for the future
There's never been a vision like this
You have sleepy Joe and you have Trump
Sleepy Joe, he's a beauty
He's a beauty
He's a beauty
I watched the Democrat debates, right? I watched them up there and he was so bad
I said, There's no way he makes it
It's sad, isn't it? The first lady actually came in and one time she watched it and she goes, and she's a nice person
She meant this really, me, I view it differently
But she looked at, she watched the debate and she watched Joe and she said, Darling, it's so sad
This was early on
This is the guy I'm running against
It's so sad
Darling, it's so sad
But we got them
Joe Biden has put forward the most extreme platform and it's not him
He doesn't know what platform
He doesn't
It's your radical left people
It's AOC plus three
It's all these people
Bernie
It's Bernie
It's Kamala, the most liberal person in the US Senate
I tell it all the time
She started off her poll numbers at 15, 14, 12, 12
Then she went back up to 12 and a half
Then there was a big plunge right down to the bottom and then she dropped out
She dropped out, but there's never been anything like this
No major party has ever had a candidate that's so extreme in his views
Again, he took the manifesto drawn up by Bernie and the super lips and that's what he's going by, including a massive increase in your taxes and a total assault on your second amendment
On November 3rd, Michigan, you better vote for me
I got you so many damn car plants
I'll tell you what, I'll be so angry at you
I got you a lot of plants
Is that right? I mean, have you seen how we're doing here? All the plants that have been built, are being built and what about the plants that are being expanded? They don't want to give you credit for that
They just expanded
I went to Prime Minister Abe of Japan
I say, Prime Minister, you have to start doing something
He's a great guy
He'll be retiring soon
He's a great guy, the prime minister of Japan, Abe
You've got to send car plants over here
You're sending all those cars
We stupidly don't
Now they've been building it for a number of years, but you hadn't had a plan built in like 42 years
They were the old plants
And it's been amazing what's happened in Michigan
But honestly, it's been amazing what's happened in Ohio and North Carolina and South Carolina and Florida and New Hampshire and so many other places
Our country is doing great
We had to take a pause to get rid of the China virus, and we got rid  We're coming around
We're coming around that turn
I'm telling you, you watch, next year, better than last year
It's going to be better than last year
Michigan will decide whether we will quickly return to record prosperity, or whether we'll allow Sleepy Joe to impose $4 trillion in tax hikes, ban American energy, confiscate your guns, shut down the economy, and tell your governor to open up your state
It's all Democrat governors
And I think they do it for political reasons because there'll be less activity
You'd be doing even better if you had a governor that knew what the hell she was doing
You got to open it up the state
And also, you have to have a governor because right now Michigan's lagging
Great football, great coach, great team
We want a governor, John James, that's going to let Michigan play Big Ten football this year
You've been seeing a lot of the other schools want to open Big Ten at my suggestion
How about Sleepy Joe? He said, Donald Trump is against football
No, no, no
I'm the one that says open it up, let's play football
These people practice disinformation like nobody has ever practiced it
They're liars
I'll tell you, they lie
But we have a good chance
You have a very good commissioner, and the commissioner is working hard, and hopefully, very soon they'll say you're going to play football
And I hope they're not leaving Michigan out because it's never the same if they do
But you have Maryland, where they have a problem in terms of playing
And the governors have a lot of power over that
They have a lot of power, a lot of say
So let's play Big Ten football, right? They want to shut down auto production, delay the vaccine
They want to destroy your suburbs
Look at what I've done for your suburbs
You know what I've done
You know what I've done
Does anybody want to have somebody from Antifa as a member and as a resident of your suburb? I don't think so too much
Say, Darling, who moved in next door? Oh, it's a resident of Antifa
No, thank you
Let's get out of here
Let's get the hell out of here, darling
Let's leave our suburbs
I wish Trump were president
He wouldn't have allowed that to happen
And that's exactly right, I won't allow it to happen
The suburbs are the American dream, and I will tell you, I have protected your suburbs
I got rid of a regulation that played with your zoning and played with other things, where they force projects into the suburbs of our great country
And I got rid of it
They said, Sir, we can amend it and make it less crazy
I said, No, I don't want to amend it
I don't want to do that
I want to get rid of it
Well, sir, why don't we just do a simple amendment? It would be  I said, I want to get rid of it
End it
And we ended it
We ended it
I think the people living in the suburbs  which I know very well
I watched Westchester in New York where they were doing things that should never have been done, and it's not going to happen to our suburbs
They want to erase your borders and indoctrinate your children with poisonous anti-American lies in our schools
Not going to happen
Not going to happen
For the last four years, they've tried everything to stop us, and they are only getting more desperate by the day
Can you imagine if on September 3rd, they say, Ladies and gentlemen, Donald Trump has been declared the winner
Donald Trump has been declared  At first, they'll go crazy
And then they'll say, Okay, it's time now to be reasonable
They will have had it
They will have had it
We were coming together as a nation
Very interesting
Before the plague came in from China, we will coming together
It was success
Somebody said, What's going to bring you together? And it was
We were coming together
I was starting to get calls from Democrats that  Frankly, we didn't speak much
And I was starting to get calls, and then all of a sudden we saw the plague pour in, and we saw what was happening, and it really stopped things
But success was getting very, very close to bringing us all together
And then we had to say, Let's take a time out
We got to fix this mess
And we did, and now we're coming back strong, but success brings us together, and it was happening, and then we got that terrible situation happened, and we'll never forget it
Biden and his party tried to lock law-abiding Americans into their homes while they encourage rioters and vandals rampaging through, in all cases, Democrat-run cities
Republican-run cities are doing very well
I hope you know that
And I hope you know, like in Minneapolis, we were asked to come in, we went in, we took care of that problem in about, what, 30 minutes? Unfortunately, they let almost two weeks go by
And if you look at what we just did in Wisconsin, which was so amazing, three days, and we went in
And by the way, the US Marshals went in to get the killer, and that was the end of that
They got the killer, they got the killer
You know what I'm talking about
And we were going to go into Seattle
The next day, we're all set, all lined up, looking forward to it
We just said, We're doing it
I mean, they actually took over a part of the city, and the mayor said, This is going to be a summer of love, right? Where do these people come from? But we were all set to go in there, heard we were going in, we informed them we're going in, and they sent their police to do it, and we never even had to go in
But we can solve those problems in a matter of literally minutes
Thank you
Don't say that, I'll start to cry, and that wouldn't be good for my image
You don't want to see me cry
I'll start to cry
One of the fake news broadcasters, because this happened the other day, we had a tremendous crowd like this
I mean, we had a tremendous crowd in North Carolina
They started chanting, We love you
We love you
We love you
And it's incredible, they said with all the years that they've been covering presidential elections, they've never heard that chant that, We love you
No, it's very nice
No, they've never heard it
True
Now they'll say, He misrepresented
18 years ago, there was a rally held by somebody, and we heard the words from two people that, We love you, sir
' Now this is what we're dealing with
And by the way, I look out, there's a lot of people that  Look at this
There's people back there that can't even get in
Thank you, Michigan
Thank you
It's really nice to be with you
As president, I will always support the heroes of law enforcement
I was very honored to receive the endorsement of the Police Officers Association of Michigan
Where are they? Where are they? They're here someplace
Where are they? Thank you, fellows
That's really nice
I'll tell you
That's an honor
I have to be honest
I got it from Florida, Texas, Ohio, North Carolina, South  But Michigan is Michigan
Thank you
I don't think there's any law enforcement officer that is against us
What is our poll number? 99
I know they had 365,000 at one group, and they got a unanimous vote
I said, That's pretty good
How can you go the other way? You people are fantastic, and we love you
Thank you
That's great
Thank you very much
Appreciate it
Biden says he wants to protect Black lives, but his radical platform will cut short the lives of thousands of young African American citizens
Thousands
The murder rate in Democrat-run cities like Chicago, Baltimore, New York, so many others is higher than in Afghanistan, yet Biden supports imposing these failed policies nationwide
You will have crime like you've never seen before
You'll have crime like you've never seen
Last week, Joe Biden proudly accepted the endorsement of the pro-criminal Portland district attorney, who has a policy of releasing rioters, criminals, and violent extremists without charge
Biden's plan  And every time I say Biden's plan, it's not his plan, it's the people that tell them what they're going to do, so please understand
I just don't want to say that every time I mention his name
So it should say, The people that control Biden's plan is to appease domestic terrorists
My plan is to arrest them, to lock them up
If Joe Biden is elected, far left lunatics won't just be running failed Democrat city, they'll be running the Department of Justice, the Department of Homeland Security, and the United States Supreme Court, and we can't let that happen
No city, town, or suburb will be safe
On November 3rd, your vote will save America
Remember, it's the most important election we've ever had
I'm joined tonight by some great warriors that have really helped me a lot in Washington with the fake impeachment, the impeachment hoax, the Russia, Russia, Russia hoax
Somebody said Russia's coming up again
Adam Schiff said, We'd like to find out about  I said, What about China? What about other countries? It's always Russia
Russia, Russia
They're at it again
I want to just thank these guys because these were real warriors for all of us
They love your state, and they love our country
Congressman Jack Bergman
Great job, Jack
John Moolenaar
Thank you, John
Great
Great going, John
He's a tough cookie
And Tim Walberg
Tim, thank you
Great job
What great people
And I talked about him a little while before, I could talk about him all night
He's a star
He's going to be a future star
We have a very much different party than we had four years ago
We're now the party of the workers
We're the party of a lot of different things now, but we weren't really considered the party of the workers
Certainly not anymore
Remember this, we're the party of Abraham Lincoln
A lot of people forget that
Honestly
Remember when they used to say, he doesn't act presidential? And I used to say, It's so easy to be presidential
I'd only have about 10 or 15 people here
You'd be bored
But remember I used to do that? But I'd always say, I can be more presidential than any president in our history, except for the possibility of Abraham Lincoln when he wears his hat
Tough to beat
That's tough to beat, John James
But seriously, if you want to be well-represented  Your current Senator, I don't even know this guy
I don't even know this guy
Nobody does
They don't know who he is
They don't even know
He comes into the office, I say, Who is that guy? I know every Senator
Democrat, Republican
I don't know this guy
I know your other Senator
I can tell by her hair
She's got interesting hair
But that was John's first crack
He learned a lot
And frankly, and I mean this, if he had more support from the Republican Party, he would've won that race
He would've
But this guy Peters, right? Peters
I say, Who's Peters? Nobody knows him
He doesn't do anything
I mean, look, we're going to end this, but I have to tell you, John James can be so great
He loves our country
He's been educated at the highest level
He was always the top at everything he's ever done
And this is what he has
And I'll be honest with you, John
I think I can tell this story
John and I were thinking about John
I was thinking about John more than myself because I know talent
And I said, John, you can run for a certain House seat, right? And you're guaranteed to win
You can run for another House seat
It'll be a tough race, but you're going to win
Or you can have a tough race against somebody that nobody ever heard of
It's like a habit that they press that particular trigger, but that's a tough race
So you can be an absolute Congressman, or you can take a shot at this one
He said, Sir, I can do more in the Senate than I can do in the House
And that was his decision
Right? Took a lot of guts
So John, I'm with you
You have my total and complete endorsement
You have everything I can do
Everything I can do, we will do for you
And I really believe you're going to make it
You're running against somebody that is just ridiculous, folks
It's ridiculous
Don't do it
Also with us are some other great candidates and people that are going to do a tremendous job, helping our Congressman
Paul Junge
Where's Paul Junge? Paul, thank you
Good luck
I heard you're doing well, Paul
Paul Junge
Lisa McClain
Lisa? Great job
It's going well
And Eric Essahki
Thank you, Eric
Good luck
Good luck
We're going to be out here helping you, too
We're going to be out here
I hope John doesn't even need help, but we're going to help John, too
We're going to help all of you
All right? We're going to be doing it
Thank you
Also with you is RNC Chairwoman
She was the head of the whole state, and she kept calling me back, back
Sir, one more speech, you're going to win Michigan
Hadn't been won in decades
One more speech, sir, you're going to win Michigan
I said, All right
Ron, I'm coming in one more time, but that's it
I said, That woman is the most aggressive person I've ever met
She said, I'm telling you, sir, one more speech
I said, All right, I'll do it one more time, but that's it
About a day after I got back, I said, I just got back from Michigan
It was wonderful
I get a call from Ronna McDaniel, and she goes, Sir, could you come in tomorrow for another speech? Well, whatever happens, she is the one that got me here at midnight on  She is
So when it came time to picking the head of the RNC, as president, you have a couple of things to say about it, right? I said, Who's that woman that kept getting me back to Michigan? Boy oh boy, she'll be great
Ronna McDaniel
And somebody's doing a fantastic job and tells us we're really pretty far ahead
Maybe way ahead
They had a poll
I think it was a Gallup poll
They said 62% of the people are lying about their poll
Now, they're only lying having to do with my  And I don't know if I'm supposed to be insulted by that or not, but we'll take it
But we could have a very big win
And look, no president has done for Michigan what President Trump has done for Michigan
And you're going to remember that
And I'm going to remember Michigan
Michigan GOP Chair Laura Cox
Great
Thank you
Great job
Great job
Thank you
Thank you very much
Thanks, Laura
We spent the last four years reversing the horrible damage Joe Biden inflicted over the last 47 years
47 years of bad votes
After the last administration nearly killed the US auto industry, I saved the US auto industry
Joe Biden supported the disastrous Trans-Pacific Partnership, which would have been a death sentence for American auto jobs
I withdrew from the TPP my first week in office
That was so easy
That was so easy
You wouldn't have been making cars
You would've been buying cars from foreign lands
We have enough of that
Biden supported the horrendous South Korea deal that would've wiped out US production of the pickup truck, which is the most  The pickup truck is the most profitable thing the auto industry makes
You know why? We have something called the Chicken Tax
Does anyone know what I'm talking about? The Chicken Tax
It's a tariff of 25%, and it keeps other countries out of here, and it expired, and South Korea didn't want to do it, but they did it
We got it right back, and we put it on for a long time, and now you're making  But remember this, go check it out
The Chicken Tax
I'll tell you why someday at another meeting why they call it that
Maybe you don't want to know about it
But we're keeping those small trucks, and we're keeping our whole industry good
And we're expanding our autos now, our cars, and we're doing a great job of it, and I want to thank everybody
Doing a great job
And by the way, many other things in Michigan
Biden supported the outrageous fuel economy standards that have hammered the auto industry, and I reversed that rule
I actually reversed it, and it helped millions of families be able to afford a car
The United States lost 500 auto and auto parts factories under the Obama-Biden disaster
Before the virus, my administration added over 200 new auto and auto parts plants
How about 200? I didn't know that
200
200
I thought it was a little less than that
Wait, I want to see that again
200
It's   than that
Wait, I want to see that again, 200
It says 200
Do you believable it? That's a lot
You know, I have a choice between teleprompter and freelance
I hate to say, the freelance is always a hell of a lot better, but  If you remember, and you remember well, I actually got elected because of freelance
We didn't have teleprompters
There were no teleprompters
But think of that, 200, we're talking about 200 plants
I thought it was a much lower number
I thought you should put me in an office based on a much lower number
At 200, you have no choice
Yesterday, Biden was in Michigan
He said, I better get out of the basement
This guy is starting to do very well lying about his lifetime of cold hearted globalist betrayals
Biden championed NAFTA, perhaps the worst trade deal in the history of our country
He continued to embrace and promote NAFTA for decades
I told you, he just said it was not as good as the deal I made
I can't believe, oh they're giving him hell tonight
They're giving him hell
What did you say that for? Boy oh boy
Yeah, hiding
Joe Hiden
' Look, this doesn't sound nice
I'll say it, and they'll criticize for it, you watch
But I have the distinct pleasure of running against the worst presidential candidate in the history of presidential politics
I really believe that
I do
Can you imagine if I lost to him? I'd have to say I lost to the worst candidate ever put up
Don't do that to me, Michigan
Don't do that
Biden supported China's entry into the World Trade Organization, which, by the way, was a disaster
China was flatlining for years and years and decades and it got into this World Trade Organization with all sorts of advantages
Just a terrible, terrible situation took place
That's when China became a big, powerful economic power
But, if you look at the numbers just before the plague, now, the numbers are different, we were going up, up, up, we were beating them like a drum
They weren't even close
We were gaining, gaining, gaining
We were number one by far
You know, for years I've heard that in 2019, China was going to surpass us
Well, in 2019, we gained a lot on them
We were doing great
We were doing great and we'll be doing even better next year, you watch
Yesterday it was revealed that a fund partly owned by Joe Biden's son, where's Hunter? See his first name, I now name  His first name is where
Where's Hunter? He must be a brilliant guy because with no experience he's taken more money from more countries
He had no job and then he became rich
But where's Hunter who facilitated the sale of a Michigan automotive company to a leading Chinese military defense contractor? Does anyone know that China's military got yet another piece of American manufacturing, Mike and the Biden family made a lot of money on it
It was a lot of money
What about Ukraine? He got $183,000 a month, $3 million upfront and he had no experience with energy, working for an energy company, by the way
What's your experience, Hunter? What's your experience with energy? I don't have any
Okay
We'll pay you 183,000 a month and I will give you an upfront payment, Hunter, of $3 million
Will that be satisfactory? He goes, Yes
I'll take it
Would anybody here not take that deal? Anybody? Please raise your head
This is one guy, right, you must be a pretty rich guy
If Biden's elected, China will own America
Washington vultures like Biden and others ripped apart entire towns all across your state
Michigan lost half of all manufacturing jobs after the trade deals that Biden supported
By the way, I don't know if anybody  But does anybody remember like 12 years ago? Long before I thought about running for president, when I enjoyed my life, I had the greatest life
Where would we like to go? Let's go to Monte-Carlo this weekend
Let's go
No, I had a great life, but I was honored
I was doing very well
I was honored in Michigan
Does anybody know that? I was given man of the year award by somebody? I came in and I spent like 45 minutes talking about how you've been ripped off, how all your auto companies are leaving and going to Mexico and, by the way, to Canada too
But how they're all leaving and going to Mexico and Canada
I spent the whole time talking about it
At the end I felt embarrassed, I said, I hope I haven't insulted the state too much, but why do you let this happen? I stopped it
I stopped
It won't be happening
It won't be happening
It's not going to happen anymore
Biden took a sledgehammer to your state earlier this year, I kept my promise to Michigan workers when we ended the NAFTA nightmare that everybody said was impossible to end, and when we signed that brand new US- Mexico-Canada agreement into law
The USMCA includes powerful wage protections to keep auto manufacturing jobs right here in Michigan
Now they have a tremendous disincentive to leave Michigan, fire all of our workers, go to Mexico or Canada, make the car or the product, send it in here without tariffs
We end up with closed factories, no job and no taxes
That's not happening anymore
That's not happening anymore
But do you remember how bad it was just before I took office? It was like an avalanche of companies leaving our country
I also took the toughest ever action to stand up to China's rampant theft of Michigan jobs
Biden has vowed to remove these tariffs and allow China to resume its pillaging
Just so you know, China's paying us tens of billions of dollars a month
Before me, China never paid anything
They didn't pay us 25 cents
You know what I did with some of that money? I gave it to our farmers
I don't know if we have a lot, do we have farmers here? We have farmers
Raise your hands farmers
That's not bad No, I gave $28 billion to our farmers because they were targeted by China
They were targeted
They said, You know  and that's what they did in the past to other presidents
They said, If you do this, we're going to stop doing business with your farmers and you're not going to be able to get any votes and you're going to lose the Midwest and all of that
I said, You know what? I do, whatever you want
Then I went to Sonny Perdue, Secretary Of Agriculture, a great guy, I said, Sonny, How much are they being targeted for? Sir, $12 billion the first year, two years, three years ago, and then 16 billion, a total of 28 billion
I said, That's okay
We're putting tariffs on everything they send into our country, 25%
Was going to raise it to 50%
Also, 10% at 12%, all different tariffs
We took in billions and billions, and I said, You know what we're going to do? We're going to take, of that, the 12 and the 16, $28 billion and we're going to give it to our farmers who were targeted, and our farmers are doing great
That's what we did
Do you think Joe Biden would do that? He wouldn't have a clue
Hillary wouldn't have had a clue
Crazy Bernie wouldn't have, nobody would add a clue on that one
By the way, we had tens of billions of dollars left over
You know what I did with that? We gave it to the US Treasury, right smack into the heart of the US Treasury
And we're still getting those big tariffs
Even though we made a trade deal with China
I said, No, you got to leave the tariffs on
A lot of people didn't know it
Schumer went, Well, I don't like to do  First of all, he didn't like tariffs, and then all of a sudden he loves it
But when I made the deal with China, I left the tariffs on 25% and some different amounts
When I left tariffs largely on and nobody could believe it
I said to Schumer, What do you think of the deal? I don't like it because you got rid of the tariffs
I said, No, we left the tariffs on
This is what it is
No matter how you do it, no matter how good the deal, they'll say, It's no good, because they don't love the country
They don't love the country
Remember that
Joe Biden's agenda is made in China
My agenda is made in the USA
That's a nice plane
Somebody said to me, Your plane's just as nice as that
I said, No, it's not
That's Air Force One
That's the nicest
Always, that's the nicest
I also authorize millions of dollars to save Michigan Soo Locks, and forget all the problems they had
For years and years, they fought over the money to do it
We got $300 million to the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative, and we have done a job on the Soo Locks
They were rotting you
Weren't going to have anything come through the Soo Locks
It's all done
That deal is all done
It's all done
Right? Thank you
Thank you
Where are my guys there? Good job
Right
Even though you're law enforcement, that's a good job, right? Two months ago, I also issued a major disaster declaration in response to the catastrophic flooding caused by the failure of the Edenville dam
Where are the people from Edenville? Yeah, good
No, that was a terrible thing and they're working very hard right now
We're providing more than $43 million in federal funds to help homeowners, businesses and communities in central Michigan to recover from that catastrophe
Thank you
Perhaps in no area have our opponents more thoroughly betrayed working families of all backgrounds than on the subject of immigration
Under my administration, we've achieved the most secure border in American history
We've ended catch and release, stopped asylum fraud, and we've deported over 20,000 vicious gang members and over a half a million criminal illegal aliens
As I said, we've already built over 310 miles of border wall
It's all going to be finished very quickly
We're averaging about 10 new, brand new, beautiful miles every single week
It'll be finished very short
We've invested $2
5 trillion in the US military
All made in the USA, by the way
All made in the USA
You know, with the fake news today, I said, And we have systems and missiles and rockets and military and tech
We have systems that you've never even seen before
President Xi has nothing like it
Putin has nothing like it
Nobody has anything like what we have
They said, Is he giving away military information? No, I'm saying, We have the greatest weapons in the world
That's what I'm saying
They said, He may be giving away classified information
You don't have to worry about it
These people are sick
Never speak well about our technology because you're giving away classified information
Now, I just want to let people know, we have the greatest systems, the greatest equipment and the greatest people anywhere in the world
There's nobody like the US military
We have the most powerful military in the world
When I took it over, it was depleted
It was in trouble and was exhausted from these ridiculous, endless wars that lasts 19 and 20 years, and you know, those soldiers are starting to come home very big
You know that right?
We passed the MISSION Act, we call it VA Choice and VA Accountability
We hold people accountable if they don't treat our vets good, you're fired
Get out
You're fine
We did more in 47 months than sleepy Joe Biden did in 47 years
That's true
We did more
That sort of has a nice ring to it
Right? Think of it
We did more and it's true
Just take a look, Space Force, by itself, that would be a major achievement, and with us, we did so many things, so many things
But we did more in 47 months than he did in 47 years
It's true
It's true
A lot of what I did is destroy some of the horrible things that they did, including regulations all over the place
I withdrew from the last administration's disastrous Iran nuclear deal
We paid $150 billion, 1
8 billion in cash
We ought to speak to law enforcement about that
How do we send 1
8 billion in cash? In cash? You guys ought to take a look at that please
I kept my promise, recognized the true capital of Israel and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem
Every president said they were going to do that and none of them did it, for decades and decades, they all said
I tell this story, it was a hard thing to get done
It was easy to talk about in the campaign, We're going to open up the embassy in Jerusalem
We're going to make it
It becomes automatically the capital of Israel
Everybody said it for very, very many decades, for decades, many presidents
But I realize now why it was an effort because as soon as I got in, I was lobbied by everybody, Please don't do it
Don't do it
Don't make the capital of Israel Jerusalem
Don't move your embassy
So went on and on
Then I said, Let's do it anyway
It's true
And the word got out
The word got out that I was going to do it, and I was called by every king and every queen and every prime minister and every  Everybody was calling me, Please sir, don't do it
Please
So I did what we sometimes will do in business, I told them  When a king calls, when somebody calls, an Emir, when somebody calls, tell them, I'll call them back in a few days
I'm sorry, sir
He won't be able to speak right now, he'll call you back on Wednesday
Okay
Thank you very much
I appreciate it
On Tuesday, I announced that I'm doing it
Then I got on the phone with 18 different companies
I go, Hey, how you doing? You called, I'm just returning your call
Oh, it's too late, sir
We called about Israel
It's too late
I said, Gee, I'm sorry
I wish you got to me a little bit sooner
I recognized Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights and we achieved the first breakthrough in Middle East peace in decades
And by the way, on Wednesday, I believe of next week, Prime Minister, Benjamin Netanyahu, and as you know, the country, a very powerful, very respected country with a great leader, the UAE, is coming to the White House and we're going to sign an agreement that hasn't been signed in many decades
It's peace and its recognition of Israel and all of the things, nobody thought it could be done
It's an amazing thing
I don't say this out of ego, but I was nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize
Now, I have to tell you, that's sort of a big thing and the networks and most of the news didn't cover it
Could you imagine? When Obama came to office, they said, We're going to give him the Nobel Peace Prize
He actually said, What did I do? I didn't do anything
He didn't do anything for eight years, frankly
But he said, What did I do? They gave it to them in a matter of weeks, right? Weeks
With us, we've done so much
We have done so much on so many different fronts
Remember North Korea? Remember? They were going to be at war with North Korea
Where's the war? Where's the war? Where's the war? And we have a good relationship with Kim Jong-un
Who knows what happens? All I know is, we're not in war and that's okay
They said, But he gave away so much
I said, I gave away nothing
No, he gave away so much
When I said, What did they give away? You know what they said? Uh, we don't know
I said, Here's what I gave away, I gave away nothing
They said, Oh, but you agreed to meet
Oh, I see
I agreed to meet
So now they're saying, I agreed to meet, it was such a big deal
Instead of being in a war, I think agreeing to meet is okay, right? And we did
He's a different kind of a guy and he's a smart guy, a very smart guy
We get along
Getting along with foreign powers is not a bad thing
We're trying to teach that to the media and these idiots that ran our government for so many years
These fools
These fools
You know, you got nuclear weapons, you got big armies, big navies, He gets along with Putin
That's a terrible thing
No, it's a good thing
If I get along, that's good
He likes me
I like him
Not so bad
He gets along with Kim Jong-un
 Not so bad
He gets along with Kim Jong-Un
That's a terrible thing
No, it's a good thing
I'm trying to convince him
It's okay
It's okay not to go to war
It's really okay
He gets along with President Xi, he gets along with Prime Minister Abe
He gets along with a lot of people, and it's okay
That's a good thing
It's really hard
These stupid people that have been running this operation for 30, 40 years, and they come out against me, and all they did was stick us in these endless wars
We're fighting for sand and blood
Sand and blood
Syria, what do you get out of it? You get sand, you get blood, you get injuries, you get death
These people don't know what the hell they're doing and it's one of the reasons I got elected, I can tell you that
We don't like his foreign policy
And this is said by one of the guy's that got us into the war in Iraq, got us into the Middle East
So, it's  We're doing a great job
We're doing a great job for you
We're doing a great job for Michigan
Just to finish in the Middle East, we killed the founder and leader of Isis, Al-Baghdadi
And by the way, we're pulling back and we're doing everything so beautifully
If we do get into war, we win the war
We don't fight for nothing
We fought for nothing
We don't ever want to have war but if there is a war, nobody's going to even come close to being able to beat us
And we won't be depleted from fighting in all these ridiculous locations all over the globe
You people know that a lot better than the idiots in Washington that has represented us for 35 years
We took out the world's number one terrorist and the mass murderer of American troops, Qasem Soleimani is dead
We kept America out of new wars and we're bringing our troops back home, and they're coming home very rapidly
You see that
Sleepy Joe Biden voted for the Iraq War
He supported the Defense Sequester that gutted our military, destroyed our military, set us back so many years
I got rid of it immediately
He opposed the mission to take out Osama Bin Laden
He was against it
Everything he did, he was wrong on as said by Gates, you know? Secretary of Defense, Secretary of everything
He was sort of like  He had more jobs than any human being I've ever seen
But he said, Everything, everything that Biden was for was wrong
He opposed killing Soleimani
He oversaw the rise of Isis
He was unable to do anything with Isis
as he came to the White House two weeks ago
And we cheered as we looked at all of the success that we've had but he really oversaw the rise of China as a positive development
Remember, he said, No, it's a positive development for America and for the world
He's been in Washington for 47 years now
He's all of a sudden going to change? He's going to change? He's not going to change
Don't forget, he was in Washington in his primetime, which was never considered great, and now it's no longer primetime
When I banned travel from China, Biden called it hysterical and xenophobic
If we had listened to Joe, hundreds of thousands more Americans would have died from the China plague
Biden was willing to sacrifice American lives on the altar of open borders
And now Joe Biden is once again hurting innocent people with his dangerous anti-vaccine conspiracy theories, putting millions of lives around the world at risk
And the only reason he's doing that is he knows we're right next to having a vaccine
So, he wants to belittle the vaccine because he doesn't want us to get credit plant, who converted their factory to produce tens of thousands of ventilators, after we invoked the Defense Production Act, and they've done a fantastic job
Not a single American who has needed a ventilator has been denied a ventilator any time in our whole country
They needed a ventilator, we had nothing
We were left, bare cupboards
I always say the cupboards were bare
We're delivering lifesaving therapies, and have achieved among the lowest case fatality rates anywhere of any country in the world
Europe's excess mortality rate is 24% higher than the rate in the United States
You don't hear that from the fake news
Hey, America will prevail over the China virus, as Franklin Delano Roosevelt said, The only thing we have to fear is fear itself
That's it
We're doing very well
As the British government advised the British people in the face of World War II, Keep calm and carry on
That's what I did
This whack job that wrote the book, he said, Well, Trump knew a little bit
They wanted me to come out and scream, People are dying, we're dying
No, no, we did it just the right way
We have to be calm
We don't want to be crazed lunatics
We have to lead
When Hitler was bombing, I don't know if you know this, when Hitler was bombing London, Churchill, great leader, would oftentimes go to a roof in London and speak, and he always spoke with calmness
He said, We have to show calmness
No, we did it the right way and we've done a job like nobody
All of those great generals, all of those great admirals, our great vice president, Mike Pence, they did a fantastic job
Our doctors, and they don't get any credit because they want to discredit us as much as possible because they want it to carry over to November 3rd, but we've done a fantastic job
I think we've probably done the best job of any country, certainly of any major country anywhere in the world on the pandemic
Through our historic relief programs, we've saved more than 1
6 million Michigan jobs, and over 128,000 Michigan businesses
Michigan has already gained and regained more than half of the jobs that it lost, and if your state was ever allowed to safely reopen by your governor who doesn't have a clue
She's like Joe
You would have regained far more than that
Open up your state, Madam Governor, open up your state
Let's go
Just like crazy Nancy Pelosi, your governor is a liberal hypocrite who lives by a different set of rules
Her husband was caught trying to put his boat in the water on Memorial Day weekend while she was ordering the people of Michigan to stay in their homes, and forcing businesses into bankruptcy left and right
The Biden agenda would collapse our economy and destroy this great opportunity that we're having right now
He would impose job destroying regulations that would demolish the auto industry
You know, on regulations, it took, in many cases, 18, 19, 20 years to get a roadway or a highway approved
We have it down now to two years
We're trying to get it down to one year, and it may get disapproved for environmental or safety reasons, but we're going to know about it very fast
No more 20 year approvals or disapprovals
He wants to force you to provide free government healthcare to illegal aliens
He will destroy your social security
He will destroy your protections for pre-existing conditions, and we will save social security
Remember they said last time? Oh, Trump is going to destroy social security
Well, it's now four years, we haven't touched it
We've protected it, and that's going to remain that way
Biden opposes school choice and has stated that if he's elected, charter schools, so important, are gone
In a second term, I will provide school choice to every parent in America
A vote for republicans is a vote for safe communities, great jobs, and a limitless future for all Americans, instead of letting Washington change us, despite all that we have been through, we are changing Washington
We will make our medical supplies right here in the United States, and right here in Michigan
We will enact fair trade deals that create American jobs and grow American wages
We will rapidly return to full employment, soaring incomes and record prosperity, and that's already happening
We will hire more police, increase penalties for assaults on law enforcement, surge federal prosecutors into high crime communities, and we will ban sanctuary cities
We will appoint prosecutors, judges and justices who believe in enforcing the law, not their own political agenda
We will ensure equal justice for citizens of every race, color, religion and creed
We will defend the dignity of work and the sanctity of life
We will uphold religious liberty, free speech, and the right to keep and bear arms
And you're lucky I'm here because you're Second Amendment would be gone if I wasn't
And they didn't touch it
We will strike down terrorists who threaten our citizens, and we will keep out people, keep them out of these horrible, horrible situations where they hurt our country, they hurt the people of our country, and we're also going to be staying out of the endless ridiculous foreign wars in countries that you've never even heard of
We will build the most powerful missile and cyber defense
We've already got it, pretty much
And we will maintain peace through strength
We will end surprise medical billing, require the biggest thing that nobody even knows about and it's all signed and it goes into effect on January 1st
You better make sure I win
Can you imagine? This is going to be the biggest thing and nobody understands what it is
You'll figure it out
Price transparency
Did they fight me on that one
January 1st
And further reduce health insurance premiums and the cost of prescription drugs at a level like you've never seen before
I've already signed it
Favored Nations
The drug companies are not happy, I will tell you
Just, all you have to do is take a look at all the ads they're running against me
Favored Nations, where we pay whatever the lowest is in the world, we pay that number
We will protect Medicare and social security, and we will always protect our patients
We will always our people
We will your pre-existing conditions, as I said
America will land the first woman on the moon, and the United States will be the first nation to land an astronaut on Mars
We will restore patriotic education, you know what I mean by that, and we will teach our children to love our country, honor our history and always respect our great American flag
And we will live by the timeless words of our national motto, In God We Trust
And I don't know if you saw it, but during the Democrat National Convention and Caucus, they took twice, I thought I was sort of, maybe they made a mistake, you saw that, they took the word God out of the Pledge of Allegiance twice
And then they said, Oh, well maybe it was a mistake
It wasn't a mistake
That's where they're coming from
Don't be foolish
That's where they're coming from and there's nothing that Sleepy Joe Biden can do about it
For years, you had a president who apologized for America
Now you have a president who is standing up for America and standing up for Michigan
So, get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors and your coworkers, and get out and vote
So important
From Grand Rapids to Saginaw, from Kalamazoo to Mackinac, and from Flint to right here in Freeland, we stand on the shoulders of generations of Michigan patriots who gave their blood, sweat and tears for this beloved nation
This is the state where Henry Ford invented the assembly line
It's the place where General Motors, Chrysler and Kellogg revolutionized entire industries
Michigan, well, you know this one, right? Michigan gave us Motown, right? That's right
That's right, Motown
We love Motown
Michigan gave us Motown, gave us Motown, gave us the Mustang and the unrivaled might of the American Midwest
This is the state where tough, strong and determined workers made America into the greatest and most powerful nation in the history of the world, and we are making it greater and greater every single day
Proud citizens like you helped build this country, and together, we will be taking back our country, we'll be taking it back from people that don't love our country and that take back is almost complete
We have to win on November 3rd
We're returning power to you, the American people
With your help, your devotion and your drive, we are going to keep on working
We are going to keep on fighting
And we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning, we are going to keep on winning
Vote for John James
John James
We need John James
We are one movement, one people, one family and one glorious nation under God, and together, with the incredible people of Michigan, we will make America wealthy again
We will make America strong again
We will make America proud again
We will make America safe again
And we will make America great again
Thank you, Michigan
We love you, Michigan
Thank you
Thank you

Thank you very much
Thank you
Thank you
Thank you to Greenville, North Carolina, I want to thank you
And to, Mike Pence, you've done a great job
Great Vice President
Thank you Mike
And we have all night, we're going to have a lot of fun tonight, and I have nothing to do, nothing, nothing
We have nothing to do but make our country great again, and that's happening fast
It's wonderful to be back in this beautiful state with thousands of hardworking North Carolina patriots, and thank you for your support
Thank you for that very big victory we had three years ago
Time is flying
You getting ready? Let's do it again
Right? Let's do it again
I just heard that the United States House of Representative, has overwhelmingly voted to kill the most ridiculous project I've ever been involved in, the resolution
How stupid is that? Own impeachment
I want to thank those Democrats because many of them voted for us
The vote was a totally lopsided 332 to 95 to 1
332 to 95, think of it, we have the strongest economy in history, the lowest unemployment numbers ever, we've rebuilt the most powerful military, it was totally depleted when I took office, and now it's rebuilt
We passed the largest tax cuts and regulation cuts of any president or any administration in history
We took care of our great vets, including veterans choice, and veterans accountability
And they want to try and impeach, it's a disgrace
It's a disgrace
So now we have that behind us, and I have to say this, and I'll say it just once, what happened to me with this witch hunt should never be allowed to happen to another president of the United States
Never, ever again
I want to thank Republican leadership for what they've done for all of us, by stopping that hoax, the Russian hoax I call it, because America is winning again
America's respected again, and, because we are finally putting America first
Our economic policy can be summed up in three very beautiful and simple words, jobs, jobs, jobs
We've created 6 million new jobs since election day
If I would have said that, nobody would have believed it
If I would've said that, the fake news would have said he's exaggerating
And I wouldn't have said it because I wasn't even sure we could do it
Think of it, 6 million jobs since election day, think of it
And by the way, North Carolina has had its best economic year in the history of your state
Our country has added more than 180,000 people to the workforce, and think of that through what we've done on a federal basis
You picked up over 180,000 jobs, North Carolina
Think of that, and you have your lowest unemployment rate
You have a lot of good things, but let's not talk too much about North Carolina
Let's win this election nationwide
You remember North Carolina, that was going to be the Clinton firewall
She spent a fortune here, and I kept coming in and coming out
They call it, earned media
I earned it
I kept coming in and coming out, and every time I left they said, I don't think we'll lose in North Carolina
You know what? I was right
We won it
We won it easily
We won it easily
So I just want to thank everybody
Seriously
This is a big that was a big deal
November 8th, that was a big deal
Donald Trump has won the great state of North Carolina
A big deal
That was when you started to see the folks at a certain other convention, beautiful looking place
One of the most beautiful venues I've ever seen, but I don't want any part of it
It was unlucky
I don't want any part, but that's when you saw the people say, what the hell is going on? What? What's happening? And then it was state after state, it was Florida, it was South Carolina, we love South Carolina
Right? Unbelievable
It was Pennsylvania
Remember they wouldn't announce the numbers in Pennsylvania, so there was 1% of the vote remaining
If I lost every one of those votes, we still win by a lot, and they wouldn't announce it
They wouldn't announce it
And then we won the great state of Wisconsin
First time in many, many decades, that a Republican won
And then we had a surprise, but not a surprise to us, because we're bringing back the auto industry
We brought so much back to the great state of Michigan
That was a shocker, remember that? Do you remember a certain hand on that beautiful board and they said, You know this sport is getting awfully red
That's Republican
There's a lot of red up there
We had a lot of That was one hell of a night, wasn't it though? One hell of a night
I think it was maybe, you know there are those that say, one of the most extraordinary and exciting evenings in the history of television and the history of anything
And you know, you can go, all over the world in some cases, it was morning
You go to Asia, you go to Europe, you go all over
It was just record setting and here's the point, we have to do it again
We have to do it again
And the reason we have to not only to do new things, which we will, and you know statutorily and we had all sorts of artificial witch hunts over our head
Can you imagine if we didn't have to go through that hoax? I don't know that we would've done any better to be honest with you
I think we've done more in two and a half years than any president ever< first two and a half years
But could you imagine what it could have been if we didn't have the witch hunt? You said it
He said it
I won't say it because it's a Harrell, it's a terrible word
So I will not say that this guy said, if we didn't have the bullshit, that's all
No, no
Could you imagine if we didn't have the time wasted the time and everything
Can you imagine? And you know a friend of mine said maybe you wouldn't have done as well
Is that possible? That can happen
Maybe we would have had too much time on our hands
Who knows? But I can say, nobody in their first two and a half years has done anywhere close to what we not being what we, not me, what we've all done
It's true
The unemployment rate among African Americans is the lowest in the history of our country
Unemployment among Hispanic Americans, where we're doing really well, you know why? Because they want a strong border
They want it because they understand the border better than anybody
They want that strong border
They want that wall that's being built right now
They want that wall, and they really do
They understand the border better than anybody, and they don't want criminals coming in
They don't want crime coming, they don't want to lose their jobs
They like the fact that their salaries are going up, their wages are going up, they understand it better
So Hispanic American, the best unemployment numbers in our history, Asian Americans, the best unemployment numbers in our history
And likewise women, 74 years
So I'm sorry women, I let you down
It's not in our history, but we're going to be there very soon
We're going to be there very soon
Women are doing incredibly and women the men are going to get angry
Sorry men
Whoa, look at all those signs
Women for Trump
Wow, thank you
That's a lot of signs
You remember last election, Donald Trump will never ever get the women
Then we got this tremendous number of women
We got this tremendous number of women, and during the election night, they say, What's going on? you know it's called suppression polls
Suppression
Polls are just as fake as the news itself, but women filled 60%, and I'm sorry to tell you this, men, they're going to sue me for discrimination now
Women fill 60% of all of the new jobs created last year
Women took 60%, what's wrong with you, men? What's wrong with you? But the radical Democrats are trying to destroy all of our country's tremendous achievement, and our country's tremendous success
Unprecedented
We've had unprecedented success
Leaders come in from other countries, prime ministers, presidents, kings, queens, dictators
Sometimes, I hate to say it, dictators, and they all start off by saying, Mr
President, I'd like to congratulate you on the incredible economy that you've created
The greatest anywhere in the world by far
And sadly, China who I have a very good relationship with President Xi, I really like him
But China has had yesterday it was announced, the worst year in 27 years
We've had the best, and if our opponent ever got into office, instead of being up, 62% instead of those 401ks of yours being up 60, 70, 80, 90%, crash, big crash
You would have had a crash, the likes of which we have never seen before, if they got in office
Because we freed up our country, we freed up our economy especially with regulation cuts, but also with those big beautiful tax cuts
We freed it up
The leading voices of the Democrat Party are left wing extremists, who reject everything our nation stands for
But again, I have to tell you, this vote was so big
I have to thank many of the Democrats
I mean, that was amazing
No, no, I really do
I respect it
I really do
That was a slaughter, but many of those people that voted for us this afternoon in somewhat of a sneak attack, a real sneak attack, many of those people that voted for us were Democrats, and I want to thank them, because they did the right thing for our country
Republicans know that America is the greatest force for peace and justice in the history of our world
But these left-wing ideologues see our nation as a force of evil
The way they speak, so badly of our country
They want to demolish our constitution, weaken our military, eliminate the values that built this magnificent country
You have to look at some of their recent comments which are never talked about
When you see the four Congress women
Oh, isn't that lovely? I'll give you just a couple, I've had pages and pages, but we don't want to bore you
We don't want to go too long
But we have to give a couple, because that's the great thing about live television
They can't cut it
Representative Ilhan Omar, of a really great state, I almost won the first time in decades and decades, Minnesota
Greg Stanton
By the way, I keep hearing how much enthusiasm is in the radical left
I don't think they have enthusiasm
They're just fighting with each other
We have all of the enthusiasm
He goes home now to mommy, and he gets reprimanded, and that's the end
Sorry mommy
Sorry mom
Didn't mean to embarrass your mom
But it's true, we have the enthusiasm folks
Look at this
Look at this
And by the way, thousands and thousands of people outside and people that couldn't get in, thousand
We've got all the enthusiasm
They're fighting each other
They've gone so far left, nobody wants to even think about it
So representative Omar, blames the United States, for the terrorist attacks on our country, saying that terrorism is a reaction to our involvement in other people's affairs
She smeared US Service members involved in Black Hawk Down
In other words, she slandered the brave Americans who were trying to keep peace in Somalia
Omar minimized the September 11th attacks on our homeland, saying some people did something
I don't think so
Some people did something
Yeah, some people did something
All right
She pleaded for compassion for Isis recruits attempting to join the terrorist organization
She was looking for compassion
Omar laughed that Americans speak of Al-Qaeda in a menacing tone and remark that, you don't say America with this intensity
You say, Al-Qaeda makes you proud
Al-Qaeda makes you proud
You don't speak that way about America
And at a press conference just this week when asked whether she supported Al-Qaeda, that's our enemy
That's our enemy
They are a very serious problem that we take care of, but they always seem to come along somewhere
She refused to answer
She didn't want to give an answer to that question
Omar blamed the United States for the crisis in Venezuela
I mean think of that one, and she looks down with contempt on the hardworking American, saying that ignorance is pervasive in many parts of this country
And obviously and importantly, Omar has a history of launching vicious antisemitic screens
When she talked about the evil Israel, and it's all about the benjamins
Not a good thing to say
So that's Omar
That's Omar
And by the way, many other things, all you have to do is press the right button on your beautiful screen, and you'll see thing after You didn't hear this over the last two days or did you hear anybody talk about this? Her colleague Representative Rashida Tlaib, agreed with Omar's characterization of 9/11 and said that members of Congress who support Israel forgot, what country they represent
And Tlaib also used the F word to describe the presidency and your president
That's not nice, even for me
She was describing the President of the United States and the presidency with the big fat vicious, the way she said it, vicious F-word
That's not somebody that loves our country
Representative Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez
Check out her scores by the way, with her green new deal, the green new deal
Where did that come from? She's conducted outrageous attacks against men and women of law enforcement, she compared American border agents managing a humanitarian crisis, that I always said was a humanitarian crisis, and they said it was manufactured
They don't say it was manufactured, and we're stopping it and I want to thank Mexico
They've got 21,000 soldiers now stopping people from coming into our country
But Cortez, somebody said that's not her name it's They said that's not her name, sir
I said, No, no, I don't have time to go with three different names
We'll call her Cortez
Too much time
Takes too much time
So Cortez also, she said essentially Nazis are running concentration camps, and when Mike Pence went down just a few days ago with members of Congress and the media, and you looked at those so-called horrible concentration camps, they said, Wow, these places a clean
Wow
They have air conditioning, they have water
And you know, to be honest, it's not like they came and we want to take care of people
We got to straighten out our immigration laws
You know, in a very short period of time, if the Democrats would give us a few votes, we could solve the immigration problem and it would be so great
It would be so great
But these kids and these people come from rough places
And I'll tell you what, some of them said, We've never lived like this before
They have water, they have air conditioning, they have things that they've never seen
And we listen to her talking about drinking water from toilets, which was a lie, which was a lie
Cortez said that illegal immigrants are more American than any person who seeks to keep them out ever will be, can you believe that? That's what she say
She described contemporary America, that's you, that's me, that's all of us, as garbage, garbage, a garbage
Remember deplorables, right? That sounds worse
I think that's worse, but we'll save it for whoever's going to be the nominee, and right now, sleepy Joe's not looking too good, Pocahontas
Pocahontas is gaining a little bit, because we probably use the Pocahontas a little bit too early, but that's okay
We'll bring it out of retirement very soon
They have a new one who knocked the hell out of Biden during the debate? He said, I wasn't prepared for that question
That's not a good answer
Can you imagine? And according to the polls, I won every single debate Republican and against Hillary
Can you imagine? Those are the polls
They won't admit that
Many, many polls
But can you imagine if I said, Uh-oh, I'm sorry I wasn't prepared for that question
I'm gone
That's the end of Trump
He's not prepared
He's not mentally prepared, that's his problem
But everybody that knows him knows that
But no Harris hit him with the pretty easy question on busing
What I would say that's pretty easy, and he choked
He choked
And then he said, Ah, yeah, I'm sorry I ran out of time
I ran out of time He ran out of time
And then you have a young guy, Buttigieg, Buttigieg
They're saying how to say his name, Buut-ih-jij
He's a beauty
He runs a failed city
His city is doing so badly
Mike Pence was the governor of that state
I said, How was he as the mayor? Mike is one of the nicest human beings you'll ever meet
And Mike said, he never did a good job, I'm so shocked to see him running
Okay
And then he goes back home, and African Americans literally were so angry at him for the lousy job and he's supposed to be like a hot young star, if that's a hot young star, I guess I just don't no star anymore
That is not as star
That's not a star
Buut-ih-jij, you say, Buut, and then add ih-jij, Buttigieg
I don't see him dealing with President Xi of China
I don't see him meeting successfully with Kim Jong-un
I don't see him dealing, and nobody has been tougher with Russia than Donald Trump
I don't know see him dealing with Vladimir Putin
And we have good relationships with them and many others, except now we're no longer the suckers
Like with NATO, we protect Europe
We spent hundreds of billions of dollars and they're not paying their fair share
So last year I went and said, Folks, sorry, you got to pay your fair share
16 years was going like this? The contribution, and now it's like a rocket ship, $100 billion
I said to him, great people, 28 nations, including the US, I said to him, Listen, we're taking care of you
You screw us on trade, and you don't pay your military bills
This is not a good deal for the United States
So we're taking care of trade
We want to do it nice and slow and easy
You know, we got a world balance, but European Union is terrible to us on trade, terrible
Frankly, they're as tough or tougher than China, just smaller in numbers
That's the only difference
With China, 507 billion dollars, a you look over the years, for many, many years, they've been taken
And guys like Biden say, Uh-oh, We'd them them
And he was there eight years, We'd stop that
No, Trump is stopping it
Trump is stopping it
Representative Ayanna Pressle
Is she related in any way to Elvis? I don't know
Who knows? You never know
She thinks that people with the same skin color, all need to think the same or military
You know they're attacking a single man standing there with a camera, who never got hit and never hit back before in his life that
They're very brave
They always show up with a mask and they're covered
Because then they go home to mom and dad
They don't want mom and dad to know where they were
But they always attract people that really can't defend themselves very well
Right? They're attacking this group
They're not attack North Carolina
That's for sure
So these Congresswomen, their comments are helping to fuel the rise of a dangerous militant hard left, but that's so, they are very evil
They're hitting people over the head with sticks, and I mean sticks
I mean bats even, they're whacking people with bats
They're very brave
They always show up with a mask and they're covered, because then they go home to mom and dad
They don't want mom and dad to know where they were
But they always attract people that really can't defend themselves very well
Right? They're attacking this group
They're not attack North Carolina
That's for sure
So these Congresswomen, their comments are helping to fuel the rise of a dangerous militant hard left, but that's okay, because we're going to win this election like nobody's ever seen before
And tonight I have a suggestion for the hate filled extremists, who are constantly trying to tear our country down
They never have anything good to say
That's why I say, Hey, if they don't like it, let them leave
Let them leave
Let them leave
Let them leave
They're always telling us how to run it, how to do this, how to the you know what? if they don't love it, tell them to leave it
I don't know
And I'll watch, I'll go back to the, Oh sir, that was so controversial, sir
No, I'm just saying it's their choice
They can come back when they want, but you know, they don't love our country, I think in some cases they hate our country
And it's so angry, even yesterday they went on the stage
I said, Let me watch this
And the anger, they were trying to be nice, but it's hard
It's hard for them to do that
That choice for every American has never been more clear
That's true
The Democrat agenda is anti worker, anti jobs, anti citizen anti-family and anti common sense
With the exception of all of those Democrats that voted for us today, we'll give them up, okay? They're fine, they're fine
They are fine and you'll lose to them, it's different
It's okay
It's called normal political back and forth
But I want to tell you something, the Democrats are being violent, so vicious, moving so far left, it's out of control
It's out of control
The Republican agenda is pro-worker, pro-jobs, pro-family, pro-growth, and 100% pro-American
So we're thrilled tonight to be joined by several North Carolina Republican leaders
Really great people
They've been so helpful to me and they're doing an incredible job
Lieutenant Governor, Dan Forest, Lieutenant Governor
North Carolina, Treasurer Dale Folwell
Greenville Mayor, PJ Connelly, I hear he does a good job, PJ
And North Carolina GOP Chair, Michael Whatley incredible NCAA wrestling champion, great guy
He wanted to stay back
I said, You sure you don't want to come? I do want to come, but I really want you to win today, if you don't mind
I said, Okay, you better stay back
If I see you here I'm going to be very angry
And they did their job, didn't they? This man is from the great state of Ohio, Congressman Jim Jordan
We're going to do this quickly, but it's just important that you get out and vote, they're two great people
I want to introduce the next member of Congress from North Carolina's third congressional district, just won a great race, Dr
Greg Murphy
Greg is a winner
So you know Greg would be great on jobs, all the things you want, tough on crime, strong on borders, pushing the wall, he'll be pushing it like nobody
We're building the wall but we're pushing it
It's like pulling teeth
We've got six lawsuits on the wall, we've won two of them, we're going to win others
But you think it's easy, don't you folks, you think this is easy? But we're building a lot of wall and we hope if we can win that final one, it's so important it's going before the Supreme Court, we'll have over 400 miles of wall built by the end of next year
So go out, get Greg elected
Great victory, by the way, that was a great primary and a great victory
That same day there's another crucial election in North Carolina's 9th Right, you know what we're talking about? 9th, I know it's not here, but it's very close, right? 9th Congressional district
The Democrat in the race is an ultra liberal named Dan McCready, he wants to take away your guns, he wants to raise you taxes, he doesn't care about borders, he likes open borders
And he really admires socialism, I don't think that works too well in North Carolina
Doesn't work too well in our country
We're joined tonight by the Republican candidate who is really a special man, a great man, he's going to be a great, great Congressman, Dan Bishop
Dan? Thank you, Dan
Thank you Dan
And he will indeed defend your values, your family, and he will always defend our second amendment unlike the opponents
They're really into destroying our second amendment
Who've been violently operating for more than 10 years, we got them all, we think they are no good
With conducting brutal, medieval style killings, you know what medieval style is? Okay
Little pieces, little pieces, little pieces, medieval style, including the dismemberment of their victims, and they enjoyed every minute of it
These are sick people
When I call them animals, Nancy Pelosi said, How dare he used that name? These are human beings
I don't think they're human beings
Most of those indicted were in our country illegally, 19 to be exact, 19 of 22
Think of that, they want to protect These are savage beasts, these are savage killers, and they should've been brought out a long time ago by the Obama administration
We're bringing MS-13 out by the thousands, getting them the hell out of our county
And when you read about deportation and Sunday, we've got a lot of people on Sunday, but we have a lot of people and we're always shooting for the bad ones first
Which makes sense, right, but when you hear about that, we always want to get And by the way, do you know how dangerous it is for these ICE agents, these ICE and border patrol? But ICE, they go into a nest, they call it a nest, a nest of these killers
They're tough, they're smart, and you know what, they're great patriots, they love our country
The danger that they have is incredible
And I just want to salute and I have to tell you, I want to salute ICE and border patrol, and I want to support and salute law enforcement in the United States
These are great people
These are great people and they don't get the credit that they deserve, but you know what? I tell them all the time, you have no idea how much the American people, the American public, you have no idea how much they love you and respect you, law enforcement
In the recent democratic debate, every single candidate, everyone, Biden was a little bit slower with the hand, it didn't work so well
They raised their hand in favor of giving free government healthcare
They raised their hand in giving a lot of other things that I don't think you're going to be happy with, illegal aliens will be very nicely covered
How about California, they just approved a $100 million? They just approved $100 million to take care of the needs of illegal immigrants, and then you look on the sidewalks of Los Angeles, the sidewalks of San Francisco, Nancy Pelosi's district, nobody's ever seen anything like it in the history of our country what's happening there
So if you don't want Democrats to raid your healthcare, to steal away your money, to bankrupt your country, then you have a choice, you must vote Republican
All American citizens, including millions and millions of legal immigrants who work hard to come into our country, who study, who wait on line sometimes for 10 years, and who respect our laws and follow the rules, they deserve a government that is loyal to them
They work hard
You can't say you love our country if you want to destroy it through open borders, open borders are a disaster
Human trafficking, the first time I heard as a politician, human trafficking, nobody talks about it, it sounded almost like an ancient crime, many, many years ago, hundreds of years, thousands of years ago, human trafficking, it's the worst now throughout the world because of the Internet, it's the worst it's ever been
And the worst treated of all, children, but it's women, women, the Democrats want to do nothing about it
Human trafficking is worse than it ever has been in the history of the world, not just This is not a United States problem, this is all over the world
Human trafficking, it's a terrible, terrible thing and we got to solve it
Most of it comes through, in this country, our southern border where we don't have the wall
They're not going through our points, they're not going through areas where we have security, where we have guards, where we have gates, where we have all sorts of equipment, no, they ride through the desert and they make a left where you don't have the wall
It's so simple, everybody knows it
The Democrats all know it because five years ago before I was here, they all wanted it
Now they don't want it, you know why they don't want it? For political reasons, and you know what, it's going to cost them a lot of points in the election, I think probably cost them the election itself
Just lastly, Democrats also support deadly sanctuary cities which release violent criminal aliens onto our streets
Where we just picked up these 22 thugs, these 22 monsters, we just picked him up in, where, Los Angeles
Sanctuary city, wonderful sanctuary city
Thom Tillis senator recently introduced a bill to give American victims the right to pursue sanctuary cities and hold them accountable for the thousands of lives they have shattered, they've shattered these lives
Thank you very much Thom
Every nation has the right to establish and enforce immigration rules in it's national interest, it's very simple, isn't it? It's common sense, it's so simple and the voters understand that
We expect that those who seek to join our society will obey our laws, revere our constitution, cherish our history, support themselves financially, and embrace our American values and love our American flag
We believe in an immigration system based on merit, merit, where they come in
We have so many companies coming in, automobile companies, companies of all types, and we need workers
We actually need workers
We have the lowest unemployment rate that we've had in 51 years, soon it'll be the lowest ever
We need workers, but they have to come in where they can help our country
They have to come in based on merit, and we're putting in bills and let's see what happens
Otherwise, we'll just wait til we win back the house, win the Senate, win the Presidency, and we'll vote
Democrats have never been farther outside of the mainstream
They're going crazy folks, they're going crazy
More than 130 Democrats in Congress have signed up for Bernie Sanders total government takeover of healthcare, isn't that nice? This is one of the great It won't happen, he knows that
The guy never passed the bill, he did nothing
He's actually not even a Democrat, isn't he an independent? I don't know, he's running but He missed his time
Hey Bernie, let me save you a lot of time and effort, Bernie, you missed your time
It got taken from you four years ago, Bernie
Not doing too well
He's not doing too well, but that's okay
I got to hand it to him he's up there ranting and raving and going like a lunatic
I said to our first lady the other day, I was watching Bernie and he's screaming, his hair's all crazy, I'm going to do this, I'm going to do that, no more college loans, no more cost for anything
Nothing, you're not going to pay for anything
He's desperate now, he's desperate
You don't have to pay for anything
I joke, I said, And everybody will get a free Rolls-Royce, every family gets a free Rolls-Royce, every family
And the media said, Donald Trump is exaggerating
He knows that they're not getting a Rolls-Royce
I'm sorry, don't put it
Don't put that I said Free Rolls Royce
But Bernie's desperate now, I watch him up there it's a sad situation
But I think they're all sad when you get right down to it
For instance, we're in this incredible state North Carolina, that you have your best economy that you've ever had
Forget the country for a second, you have the best economy you've ever had, you have your best unemployment numbers, you had the most people working than at any time in the history of your state, you have your best black unemployment numbers, best Hispanic unemployment numbers, best women unemployment numbers, best Asian unemployment numbers
Whoever the opponent is, what are they going to do is just say, North Carolina, I'm going to do a great job
You have the best numbers in the history of our country in your state, so I don't know, and we won by a lot
And we won by a lot I was telling Mike, I was telling my son Eric Trump and Lara's here, y the way, who was born in North Carolina
They do a good job
Lara, do you love this state? And her brother's here, I have to tell you, he went to this college
And Brad Parscale is here, the worlds tallest campaign manager in the history of the world
He's the tallest in the history, but most importantly, he's the best
The worlds tallest manager but he's the best manager
Thank you, Brad
Great job
And he just told me our poll numbers are through the roof, he just told me that so I'll take that
We are a year and a half away, but we're doing well, you see it
You'd know, you'd be the first to know
Number one, you wouldn't be here, you wouldn't be here
We haven't had an empty seat in any event, I don't believe, that we've ever been to, I don't think we've ever had we always have people, we haven't had an empty seat
You look anywhere, North Carolina, Ohio, no matter where we go we pack it and we have thousands and thousands of people, we put screens outside
I know tonight's not so good, we got a hundred degrees out, but you still have thousands of people out there
We could have sold this arena out, you know that
We could have sold this arena out tonight 10 times, can you believe that? 10 times
I think that's like a poll, that's like a poll because when Biden goes out I see Sleepy Joe and he says, They had 115 people show up, 115 people
That's our first row
The democratic record on healthcare is one of deception and destruction, the last administration said a lie
If you like your plan, you can keep your plan, if you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor, 28 times, a total lie
My administration is defending your sacred right to choose the doctor and the plan that you want, and we are offering plans up to 60% cheaper than Obamacare, and a lot of people are starting to figure that out
Better healthcare
And we'll also always protect You have to remember this, you ready, because they give us a bum rap
Patients with preexisting conditions are protected by Republicans much more so than protected by Democrats who will never be able to pull it off
Preexisting conditions, and you know, the job we've done on healthcare, it's not talked about, but we're also doing something
It's been phenomenal, we have 180 million people right now really happy on private plans, and you know what, they're going to be taken away
Under the Democrats plan all of those people that are thrilled where they went out and negotiated cross state lines, all of the things they did, they went out, negotiated great private plans, it's all going to be taken away from you under this plan
Now, I only hope they don't change because we're talking too soon, we got a year and a half left
It's like when I called Pocahontas, Pocahontas, I should've waited six months because she then went out and got that test
1024th, and I've always said I have more Indian blood in me than she has in her, and I have none
I have none, but it's more than she has, 1024
I brought it up too soon so I don't talk about it anymore, but if she should be the candidate, which I tend to doubt, but if she should be we'll bring it up again and I think it will be very successful
1024, how about this, I was driving her crazy, so she went out and hired a guy to check the blood
I'm sure he had a lot of fun doing that
He checked her blood and found out that many, many, many, many, many, many years ago, there could have been somebody and he could have been Indian
And then the Indians got together and they said, We don't want her
We want Trump, we want Trump, they want Trump
We've taken historic action to fight the opioid epidemic, what a problem, and just today it was just announced before I came in, that drug overdose deaths we're working so hard on this, including our vice president, including our first lady, including everybody in the Trump administration, it's dropped for the first time in more than 30 years, it's gone down
First time, it was a big problem
And in North Carolina and we're far from finished, it's a big problem, it declined 8% last year
That's a lot because it was just going up like a rocket
Virtually every top Democrat also now supports late term abortion, ripping babies straight from the mother's womb right up until the moment of birth
Well then you have the gentleman from our governor from Virginia, so we're talking about late term, he's talking about the baby is born before the mother makes the decision
That's the first I've heard of it, that's the first most of you have heard of it, and then they pass legislation in various states saying that's okay
This is a baby that's born, this isn't late term
This is a baby that's born
Nobody's ever heard anything like that, nobody's ever seen anything like it
Nobody's ever seen anything like it
And that actually, when he had the scandal, that became, can you believe it? The second biggest story
Can you believe that, how important it is and yet that was the second biggest story, and what a shame when that's the second biggest story
What happened to our values? Republicans believe that every life is a sacred gift of God
That's why I've asked Congress to prohibit extreme late term abortion of babies
Democrats are now the party of high taxes, high crime, open borders, late term abortion intolerance and division
The Republican Party is the party for all Americans and American values
We are the party of the American worker, the American family, and we are the party of the American dream
This is the proud banner the Republican Party will carry into the Republican National Convention next summer in the great city of Charlotte, North Carolina
Don't disappoint me, that should be good for at least 10 points, right? These are some of the greatest ladies, I see them in Ohio, and Florida
We love you too, thank you, really
How many have you been to, just out of curiosity? What's the number? All but two, I've done hundreds of them
And then they say women don't like Trump, I think they do
Now I see them, they're great
Great ladies, you're great
It's interesting with women, so women want to have a strong military protection, they want to have strong borders, they want to have strong law enforcement, they want to have great education, they want to have low taxes for their family, not high taxes
They want to have all the things that we talk about, why wouldn't they want Trump more than anybody else? The other side is going to go the opposite
And they did in the last election, and we're doing a lot better
The difference is, the last election I was a successful businessman running for president, I said I was going to do things
And by the way, really successful
I'm going to show you something someday soon, I'm going to show you something
They say he was really successful, he wasn't successful, he's really smart, or he's really stupid but he's trying to take over the world
They have so many messages, he's really stupid, then next week, Donald Trump has a sinister plot to take over the world, he can't be too stupid, because they actually think it's working
I saw one of these so-called comedians the other day and he's a pretty respected comedian, he said, he's not leaving
I'm telling you, he's not leaving, he'll never live
He's going to stay
So we did through our friend Dan Scavino, we did a Time Magazine cover
I was on so many times, I don't even read this thing, and it says, Trump, 2014, 2018
But it says 20 here's where we go, we start at 16, we go to 20, we go to 24, did you see it? Then it says 28, 32, 36, 40, 42
No, we don't need any more time
We don't need any more time, we need one more
A senator came to my office, sir, I'm six foot seven, I'm great
I'm six foot seven so I can give you great advice
I said, Senator, I'm one for one but it happened to be the president
And now I want to be two for two, two for two
Two for two, so we have 16, we have 20, we have 24, and you know what's very interesting though? They were really people out there think I'm not leaving, can you believe it? Hey, maybe that is a good idea, let's think about it
Watch, you want to drive them crazy, they're going to go crazy
All I have to do is say, Let's think about it
They're going to go crazy
No, I promise 2024, I leave
By that time, just so you know, by that time our country will be so well seated, it will be so strong like never, ever, in our history
But everything that we built, low taxes, strong military, taking care of our vets, all of the things we've done can be decimated very quickly if the wrong person gets in especially now
I've always said 2016 was the most important election maybe in the history of our country, a lot of people felt that
So I don't know, I can't say this is more important, what we did was a miracle
Not to us it wasn't, but a lot of people said it was the greatest election we've ever had
There's never been anything like it, never been such excitement
Never been such excitement
But you know what, if we don't win in 2020 everything that we've done, seriously though, everything that we've done, your 401's are going to crash, the whole thing, it's going to come down like a stack of cards
So, in a certain way, let's say this is of equal importance, by that time we'll have values instilled, we'll have free enterprise instilled, people are working now
We have the lowest food stamps that we've had in many years, lowest food stamps because people are working
So I really think it's at least equal, it's equal, maybe it's a little less, who the hell knows? I just know this, it can disappear very, very quickly
We have to get out, we have to vote
That's why I'm starting early, can you believe it? We have less I see all these clowns on television I say I guess we have to counteract them a little bit, but this is not what you want running, none of them, this is not what you want running this incredible country of ours
Every day we make good on the motto, promises made, promises kept
I've had people back there that don't like me and somebody said, very nicely, that he's actually made certain promises and he's actually kept more promises than he's made
It's true
I've done things that I never I never said we were going to get, as an example with our vets, that we going to get, Joyce, that we were going to have the ability to fire people that don't treat our vets properly
We can fire them now
They've been trying to get that for 44 years, Joyce had been trying to get practically from the beginning, Joyce's so simple and yet they never got it, nobody got it through
We're good at getting things through
We've done more than we said we would
A man I know, who I don't like, a businessman, very, very, very successful, one of the most successful but I don't like him, never liked him
He never liked me, by the way
In fact, I would go a step further, he cannot stand me
And I saw him about two months ago and he came up to me, I said, How are you doing? Very warm, hey, how you doing? Let's get out of here
And he said, I'm doing good, you're doing good? I said, Yeah
I said, You don't like me, and I don't like you
I never have liked you, and you never have liked me, but you're going to support me because you're a rich guy
And if you don't support me you're going to be so goddamn poor you're not going to believe it
And he said to me, Mr
President
He calls me Mr
President, everybody calls me Mr
President, it's true, it's a funny thing
He said, Mr
President, you're right, I'm supporting you, I think you're doing a great job
And maybe we didn't get along
But it's not like he has a choice, he has no choice
And on top of that, it's a good choice because we've done the right thing
And it is funny with the name Mr
President, I have friends, really good friends, and they've always called me Don, Donald, D, they call me anything, and you lose all your friends when you're president because they're all afraid to talk to you, does that make sense? No, it's true
Except for these six, seven, ladies up here, they always talk
They're not intimidated
No, it's true, I have guys, I have wonderful friends, New York developers, tough guys, smart guys, they're rich, they're this, that
I have middle of the road, I have poor, I have everybody
I have poor guys, middle of the road, and rich guys, doesn't matter
Rich guys call up, Mr
President, how are you sir? It's Richard
Oh, good, Rich, hey Richard, loosen up
This is a guy who used to, Hey Don, how you doing? Let's go to dinner
Now you're, Sir, is everything you're doing good, sir
I said, Richard, call me Donald like you always did, call me Donald
Always call me Donald
Okay, thank you Donald, thank you very much
And then two minutes later, Mr President, it's been so great to I lost all my friends
They've tightened up, they've choked
You know what that is, they choked
They can't breathe because people have such respect for the office of the presidency, they have respect for the office of the president
They have respect for our country again, our country is respected again
We've confirmed more than 125 federal judges to apply the law as written, including two supreme court justices, Neil Gorsuch and Brett Kavanaugh
We've launched a historic initiative to reduce the price of prescription drugs, and last year, I'm so proud of this because we have no help from the Democrats
Last year, for the first time in over 50 years, drug prices went down
And that was for a reason
To give former prisoners a second chance at life, we passed groundbreaking, criminal justice reform
It's a big thing, prisoners they've gotten out of jail and they never had an economy like this
We did a lot of things, because they get out jail they don't have a chance
They always go back, most of the time
Now they're coming out and we have programs, but most of all we have this great economy where people are hiring prisoners, and you have to see the reviews they're getting, they getting phenomenal reviews
It's a beautiful thing, it's a beautiful thing what's happening with prisoners, they get out and they can actually get a job and that's what's happening and we're very proud of them
We're expanding opportunities zone so that no American is left behind, it's one of the great successes the opportunity zones
Nobody talks about it, it's one of the great successes
And thanks to our pledge to America's workers, private sector partners will provide apprenticeships and job training to 9 million Americans, isn't that nice? Whenever I hear that word apprentice, I say I love that word, that was a good show
They figured, you know what we'll do, we'll get Arnold Schwarzenegger to take my place, that didn't work out too well
That didn't work out too well, we had 14 seasons, think of that, The Apprentice
I've proudly signed for bi-partisan human trafficking laws securing $400 million dollars to support victims of human trafficking
And we have secured, soon to be three years, record funding for our military
We want to cut budgets, but this is beyond budget
I withdrew the United States from the horrible, one-sided, disgusting Iran nuclear deal, and Iran is a different country today than it was
My administration proudly recognized the true capitol of Israel and opened the American Embassy in Jerusalem
That was some day, they all said, Many, many presidents have said, We're going to do it
Then they never did
I know why, because the pressure on them was enormous not to do it
And then on top of it, a couple of months ago, I just approved the Golan Heights for Israel
The Golan Heights, another thing
52 years they tried to do that, they didn't get it done, so we're doing good
We also recognize the legitimate government of Venezuela and we condemn those that want to stop freedom in that country and other countries
Tonight we renew our resolve that America will never be a socialist country, will never, ever, be a socialist country, it just won't happen
A vote for any Democrat in 2020 is a vote for the rise of radical socialism and the destruction of the American dream
Frankly, the destruction of our country, that's what's going to happen
Take a look around, their party is afflicted with an ideological sickness that protects foreign borders, but refuses to protect our own borders
Think of it, they fight all over though a lot of those people are coming back home folks, they're coming back home a lot
We defeated ISIS, the Caliphate in Syria, we're bringing our soldiers back home
ISIS does not like me too much, but I came here and it was a mess
It was a mess
I met with generals, general believe it or not, one general, his name is Raisin
I said, What's your name? Sir
This guy's like out of a movie
Watch, he's going to be famous after this but who cares? What's your name? And he goes, Sir, my name is Raisin
I said, Raisin, like you mean a little raisin?
Yes sir, it's my name, that's what they call me
What's your last name? Kane
I said, You mean your name is Raisin Kane? I said, Raisin Kane, you're my kind of general
Let me talk to you Raisin Kane, get over here
And my previous general said, It's going to be a long time before we take out the caliphate
I said, did Raisin Kane and a couple of other generals that were there, these guys are central casting like from a movie, except better
They're stronger, bigger, tougher, meaner, and actually better looking in a certain way
But they're like from a movie, there is nobody in Hollywood plays a role like this
I said, Generals, I've been told it's going take a year, two years, to get a 100%
Remember I want to pull them out, we're down to 1%, and everyone went crazy, explain that one
But they said it was going to take a long time
I said to Raisin Kane and the other generals, General, how long can it take? They said, Sir, one month
I said, What? We're going to hit them from the front, we're going to hit them from the back, we're going to hit them from the, sir, we're going to hit them like they never got hit before, we were never allowed to do this
And we're not just going to hit them from our temporary base in Syria, sir, we're going to hit him from Iraq, we're going to hit them from places that they never knew existed, sir
They'll be hit so Goddamn hard sir, they will be Thank you very much
Very shortly, very, very shortly, it was over, we had a 100% of the Caliphate, and these people we're screwing around for years
Obama, President Obama
My generals did a great job, I flew there, I flew to Iraq, remember? I'm an Air Force One and they notified me, Sir, we're 45 minutes out, sir
We have to close all windows, we have to turn off all lights in the plane, sir
All windows, all lights have to be off, sir
We're turning off the lights outside and the runway light, sir
They going to be in a very dim Frankly, if you're not at 30-year old pilot you can't see them, because I went there, I said, I don't see any light pilot
As we're landing, I said, I don't see
And then I thought to myself, think of it, we've spent almost $8 trillion in the Middle East and we got to turn off the lights of an airplane to land, how bad is that? They didn't do their job
We did our job, and the military did their job
But we fight to short of just keep going, we don't fight to win, I fight to win
I fight to win
So we land in this big, beautiful Air Force One and I'm saying, Major, I don't see a runway
Yes sir, it's right up ahead, the guy's 30 years old or something
They'll get me that, they'll say majors aren't 30, maybe he's 35 whatever he is
They're saying, Yes sir, it's right there
I don't see it major, how about lifting up, let's go around
That's the last thing we want to do in that part of the world
He said, Sir, it's right there, sir
And we're landing and I still haven't seen a light
But these guys, we have the greatest pilots in the world, we have the greatest military in the world, we have the greatest equipment in the world
So you must never forget the 2020 election is all about one thing, you
It's about you
It's about your family, it's about your future, and the fate of your beautiful, loving, country, and that's what it is
We begin our North Carolina campaign with the best record, the best results, the best agenda, and the only positive vision for our nation's future
We love our nation, our nation is great today
It's going to be much greater, every year it's getting better, and better
We have turned this big, beautiful, mighty ship, we have turned it around, it's getting better, better, better
Together we will continue on unleashing the power of American enterprise so every American can know the dignity of work and the pride of a paycheck positive vision for our nation's future
We love our nation, our nation is great today
It's going to be much greater, every year it's getting better, and better
We have turned this big, beautiful, mighty ship, we have turned it around
It's getting better, better, better
Together we will continue unleashing the power of American enterprise so every American can know the dignity of work and the pride of a paycheck
With your help, we will elect a Republican Congress, those great gentlemen that just left the stage
To create a safe, modern, fair and lawful system of immigration, we will enact trade deals and they are going like you won't even believe
That doesn't mean the other countries are thrilled with me, there was a recent poll, Germany likes Obama better than Trump
A lot better
I said, Of course, because I'm making them pay their bills
I'm saying you got to pay
I say, Anguilla, Anguilla, you got to pay, Anguilla
Obama would go in, make a speech, leave
I go in and make a speech, I say, Let me speak to Anguilla
Anguilla you got to pay your bills, you're way behind
So I would think that they should, they should all like When you hear they like me better, I'm not doing my job
It's true, I'm not doing my job
They did a poll on one of these networks, and they would say, Donald Trump is not liked in Europe nearly as much as President Obama
I said, Or President Bush, or anybody
In fact I'm disliked, but actually they respect us, that's more important
Look at that beautiful baby, look at that beautiful baby
Wow, what a baby? What a baby? That is a beautiful baby
That's like from an advertisement, perfect
Look how happy that baby is, so beautiful
Thank you darling, that's really nice
It's a great thing, is that your husband? That's a great thing, thank you
Congratulations husband
What a picture? But we're going to have the country all set for your child, okay? Awesome, because that's what it's about
Now the media will say that's a prop, they say no baby is so beautiful
That had to be a set up
I never saw that guy in my life, which is true
Thank you
Good luck
Thank you very much
We will enact trade deals that ensure more products are proudly stamped with those four beautiful words, made in America, made in the USA, either one is okay with me
Keep America great, that's right
We will give school choice to millions of underserved children who are trapped in failing government schools
We will defend privacy, free speech, religious liberty, and the right to keep and bear arms
They're going to take your guns away
Above all, we will never stop fighting for the values that bind us together as one great nation, as one America
It's one America
We believe in the American constitution and we believe in the rule of law, we believe in the dignity of work and in the sanctity of life
We believe that faith and family, not government and bureaucracy, are the true American way
We believe that children, like your child, should be taught to love our country, honor our history, and always respect our great American flag
And we live by the words of our national motto, In God we trust
We are fighting for every American mom and dad who wants to protect this land of liberty for their precious children
We have been blessed with the greatest republic on the face of the earth, but it was going in the wrong direction, and now we are turning it around, it is going better than ever before and we going to keep it that way
We're going to keep it that way
With your help, with your devotion, with your drive, we are going to keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting, and we are going to keep on winning
We are one movement, one movement, think of that, we are one big beautiful movement
There has never been a movement like this, you don't hear it that often
They know it but you don't hear In the history of our country, there has never been a movement like this, and this movement is stronger now than it was three years ago
This is the strongest movement in the history of our country
But we are, we're one movement, we're one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God
We're doing things that nobody thought was possible, no other nation thought it was possible what we're doing
We are so respected, you have no idea how our nation has gone so far up in the eyes and the minds of the rest of the world
So respected
Because together, we will make America wealthy again, of course, we did just hit the highest price in the history of the market
So pretty soon, and I hate to say, I don't want to ruin the rhetorical skill, but that is sort of like getting a little obsolete, we will make our nation wealthy again
The fact is we have the strongest stock market in our history, so I think I'll have to change it
You've all heard it many times, right, we will make America wealthy again, we're going to have to say, We have made America wealthy again
So here's one, we will make America strong again
No, no, we're going to have to change this, we have made America strong again
And just so you know, we have made America great again
Give up MAGA
How do you give up MAGA? Make America great again, but we've done that
Can you imagine if keep America great didn't work? I had the greatest phrase probably in the history of politics in this country
Look at her beautiful hat, it looks very good on you
But look at this, look at those beautiful hats
Make America great again, but we've done that
Our new phrase for the 2020 campaign is, Keep America Great
Thank you

Thank you, thank you
Wow
Wow, and I'm thrilled to be here with you in Henderson
Thousands of loyal, hard-working, great American patriots
And 51 days from now, we're going to win Nevada, and we're going to win four more years in the White House
And after we win four more years, we'll ask for maybe another four or so
Well, thank you very much
Whenever I say that  Look at all that news back there, look at all that fake news
When I say that, their heads explode
Our movement is pro-jobs, pro-worker, pro-police, and 100% pro-American
As we begin tonight, our thoughts are with the two sheriff's deputies in Los Angeles who were fighting for their lives when a vicious criminal walked up to their vehicle and shot them at point blank range
Tonight, we send our love and our support to their families, and we pray to God for their recovery
The radical left in America is waging open war on law enforcement
Hundreds of officers nationwide have been injured in left-wing riots and mobs
You see it, you see it all the time
Please, sit down
Please, let's have a little fun
We got plenty of time
I mean, here it is
I mean, what do we have? Football is boring as hell
It's just not the same
Right? I don't know
Used to be people would say, Hey, could you keep it away from a football game? Now they're saying, Could you possibly do it during the football game? We have some free time
But during violent demonstrations in Las Vegas, a 29-year-old police officer, you know this very well, was deliberately shot in the head, leaving the young, brave officer paralyzed, yet, Sleepy Joe Biden and his supporters continue their dangerous war on the police
They're putting the lives of our brave officers directly in harm's way
At his convention, he never even mentioned the words, law and order, never mentioned them once
Now, he's all of a sudden, his polls are dropping like a rock, and he's starting to say, But we need law and order
And then he goes back into the basement for four days
What happens to this guy? I know what happens to him
He's shot
That's what happened to him
Every once in a while, the great Dana White  Does anybody know Dana White? He's got some champions with him tonight
He's here
I got to introduce him
But every once in a while, I'll ask him, What happened to that guy? He said, Sir, he's been shot for the last  long time
Should have left a long time ago
That's Joe Biden
Joe Biden, he's shot, and everybody knows it
And you know what? They ought to be ashamed, because they do interviews with him, they give him the questions, and they let him read the answer from a teleprompter, and that's the fake news
It is
How about the other day? Could you move that a little bit closer
See these things? Move it a little bit
I must tell you at great peril, I used them seldom, but those are the times we have the best fun too, I will say
And that's actually when we learn the most
For the entire summer, Biden was silent as left-wing mobs assaulted police officers
When Biden's far-left supporters set fire to police cars and precinct stations, court houses, Joe Biden called them peaceful protestors
Right? They call them peaceful protestors
And when we go to these radical-left place that are having problems, because everyone  look at the top-10
You go back  go top-20, top-30
Take a look
Democrat-run, radical left-wing, Democrat, usually run
Not Republican-run, Democrat-run
And we go back, and we take a look
We want to give them help
They don't want help
But when they do ask for help, and when they do, we go in
Like Minneapolis, the National Guard went in, took 35 minutes to quell a situation that went on for two weeks
They knew we were going in to Seattle
We told them, We're going in tomorrow morning
And so, they sent them in
They didn't want that to happen, and we let the protestors know, or whatever you call them
They're really anarchists, they're not protestors
So we let the anarchists know that we were going in with approximately 10,000 very tough people, and they immediately raised their hands, and the Seattle police, who by the way, could do a great job if they were let to do their job, but they're not, they're not
And as you know, in Portland, the other day, we had to send in the US Marshalls
A man, who's a bad guy, bad guy, shot somebody right in the middle of the street, who they say was a very fine young man
Shot him, killed him
Just shot him like  It was on television
Two-and-a-half days, nothing happened
I said, What's going on? We sent in the US Marshalls
It was taken care of in 15 minutes
Okay? 15 minutes
When asked if he would cut police funding, Sleepy Joe said, Absolutely, yes, I would
Now he's trying to change his mind
You ever see a guy  He changed his mind on fracking
Okay? There will be no fracking
You know that? He went all throughout the debates
He doesn't even know what fracking is, I guarantee you
He was told to say that by Bernie and the radical left and his vice president
By the way, how bad is she? She is the worst
We're going to have a woman president some day
Not going to be her, not going to be her
And that's no way to attain the office
We got in there because Sleepy Joe couldn't handle it anymore
Joe is bad primetime
See, the reason I can talk so badly about him, because he did an ad, where he had me standing over the grave and the graves of our fallen heroes from many years ago, and they said  And nobody loves the military more
Look what I've done for them, $2
5 trillion
And in the ad, they have me saying horrible things in front of other people
Nobody would have put up with that
It's called disinformation
They make up a total lie, they put it out, then they do ads
So once he did that, I said, Now, really, look, it's okay
It's okay, because now the gloves are off
I can say that this man is totally unfit to be president
Up here, he's totally unfit
He can't be your president
I've gotten to know President Xi of China
I've gotten to know President Putin of Russia
And by the way, getting along with them is good
Although China, I must tell you, got a real problem with China
What they did with us, we can never forget that
We made a great trade deal
The ink wasn't dry when the plague came in from China
They stopped it from going into China, but they didn't stop it from going into our country, Europe and the rest of the world
Okay? They could have done that
But you see, I deal with all of these people, and they don't have the kind of mental problem that Sleepy Joe has
They're very sharp
Kim Jong-un
Kim Jong-un doesn't know about the problems that Joe has
We need very sharp people
I'm sorry
Joe is not qualified for this position
Joe calls for abolishing cash bail and closing your prisons
He wants to close prisons, and he even called law enforcement the enemy recently
You saw that? The enemy, until his polls started dropping
Then all of a sudden, he said, No, we love law enforcement
I think I've gotten every major law enforcement group in the country, right? You saw recently, I got New York's finest
And they are New York's finest, but they're not allowed to do their job
They're not allowed
We have a radical left mayor who has no clue
He has no clue what's happening to that poor city
I love that city
What's happening to that city
300% up
Look, 300% in certain very bad crimes, New York
There's no reason for this, and we have the greatest police
They're great
New York's finest, they endorsed me
Chicago, Fraternal Order of Police
Chicago endorsed me, Oklahoma endorsed me, Texas endorsed me, Florida endorsed me
Every place endorsed me
And if you think it's easy for New York and Chicago and these different places  Ohio endorsed me
If you think it's easy for these guys
They never endorse
New York, they said they cannot remember ever having endorsed a presidential candidate
They endorsed me, and they're against their radical left culture that's destroying the city
So I was very honored
But how about Chicago? Do you think it's easy for these great police in Chicago to endorse me? It's not easy, but they felt that they had an obligation to do it
So it just happened
I'm just very honored by it
And Biden's anti-police crusade must stop
It's got to stop, it's got to stop now
Furthermore, the corporations, these poor, stupid people that run the  They got paid a lot of money
They're weak, ineffective people, let's face it
They're funding anti-police organizations and other organizations that are  It's so embarrassing
And I don't mean for a little
They gave $100 million and 250  You're talking about serious money
You're talking about serious money, and that money is not used for good reasons
And these stupid corporations  and they'll be the first to go if the radical left ever took  They'd throw those guys out like they were nothing
If they were lucky, they'd just be thrown out
It would probably be a lot rougher than that
These people don't know what they're getting into
But instead of giving money, they should give money to the families of the crime victims and the fallen officers
That's what they should do
So in the Republican Party, we know that police officers are not villains, but the heroes who risk their lives to keep us safe
And they guard  The thing that's incredible  I know so many police, they're so good, one bad apple, and they're on for months
One bad apple, they go on for months
The thousands and tens of thousands of good things, nobody talks about it
These are great people that have done a great job, and we have to support our law enforcement
So Biden wants to appease the domestic terrorists, and my plan is to arrest domestic terrorists
Okay? And we also believe that if you murder a police officer, you should receive the death penalty, and that's something that's very important fine people
I mean, they're in very grave condition, as you know
Fine people
He's an animal, and I called him an animal, and I was criticized by people, calling him an animal
They said he's a human being
He's not a human being
He's an animal
He's not a human being
Joe Biden opposes the death penalty even for cops who  I mean, look, you have to see, even for these cop killers who go around, the predators, they murder children
People like the Boston bomber
He opposes the death penalty for the Boston bomber
He wants to give prisoners a vote
He wants to have the Boston bomber be able to vote
I don't think so
I don't think so
I don't think so
You know who's thought of that? Bernie Sanders, Crazy Bernie
He wants to have  Crazy Bernie, he says, No, no, they have to vote
So they asked him, Well, does that mean every   That means everybody that's in prisons should be entitled to a vote, right? So they actually said, Well, what about the Boston bomber? Should he entitled? And Bernie goes, Yeah, he should be entitled
Bernie is crazy
But the fact is, that we got a lot of Bernie votes four years ago, because Bernie's right about one thing, trade
Because all of these countries, friend and foe, they ripoff the United States
We have made so many great trade deals, and you see it, USMCA
We got rid of NAFTA
So many
But Biden is too weak to be president, and he's not a smart person
And by the way, he wasn't smart 25 years ago
Everybody knew it
Now we don't even have to discuss the matter
But I was going to say, when he put that ad up, we told him to take it down
When he put that ad up, that dishonored our fallen heroes
They are great, great heroes of mine, of yours, of everybody's
I know really bad people
No bad person, the worst person I know, I know some beauties from New York
I know some developers in New York actually
Nobody would say what they said
They made it up
It was a made up statement, and they put it up in the form an ad, from a third-rate magazine, who's best friend is Obama, who, by the way, got caught spying on my campaign
He got caught
We caught him cold
We have him cold
Now let's see what happens
Now the Republicans, it's interesting, we have much better policy, but the Republicans, they don't fight like Colby
You know who Colby is
You're going to say hello to Colby
They don't fight like Colby
They don't fight to win
Better policy, but they don't have that vicious streak
If this were reversed, they would be in jail for two years already, and it would be for a 50-year term for treason
That's what it would be
Okay? But Biden's too scared to stand up to the crazy socialists and never will
He'll never have the strength, and he's going downhill fast
It's going to be very interesting
And I called for a drug test, because you know what? I want a drug test, because we don't want to have a situation like we could have with this guy
I watched him in debates with other 24 lunatics, and he was so bad
No, he was so bad
Maybe he'll win because they don't like me, they don't like my personality
But I hate to say it, I'm what you need
I'm what you need
We love you
We love you
We love you
We love you
We love you
We love you
We love you
But if Biden ever did win, he would surrender your country to the mob
You know that
And he will have nothing to do with it
It's not him
I mean, he's being  He's going to be pushed around
And she's, by the way, just so you know what you're going to get
She's considered far more liberal than Bernie Sanders
How about that? That's what you're going to have
I don't think your state is into that
Unlike Biden, I'll always stand with the heroes of law enforcement
And I'm deeply honored to have gotten all of those endorsements
That to me is a really big deal
That to me is really a big deal
And I just want to thank all of them, including the National Troopers Association and Coalition just came in
We also received the endorsement, total and complete endorsement from the Public Safety Alliance of Nevada, and the Las Vegas Police Protective Association from Nevada
And I want to thank for that, Steve Grammar, who's with us tonight
Where's Steve? Was Steve here? Steve, thank you
Thank you
That's a big deal
Make sure they get out and vote, Steve, because they're playing around with the ballots
Okay? You know your governor
So we had many sites, by the way, all exterior sites, all outside
Today, you'll hear these phoneys back there
Well, look at that
Now today you're going to hear them
They'll say, Oh, it was in  Well, the reason it was, we had five sites, all outside sites, like last night
Tremendous room
And a great gentleman who owns this building said, You know what? What they're doing is really unfair
You can use my building, Don
I want to thank you, Don
I want to thank you
This is the most important election in the history of our country
At no time before has there been a clearer choice between two parties, two visions, two philosophies, two agendas for the future
Joe Biden has spent the last 47 years selling out America
Look at what he's done
Everything he's done was wrong
He always voted the wrong way
Even his secretary of defense, his secretary of state, they said he always voted the wrong way
He was off shoring your jobs, throwing open your borders, depleting our military, and sacrificing your children's future to China and other faraway lands
I've spent the last four  He says  Only in Nevada can you have  I would never say it
What did you say? Okay
This way I can't get in trouble
I've spent the last four years bringing our jobs back to America, securing our borders, rebuilding our military, and standing up to China like no other president has ever done
If Biden wins, China wins
If Biden wins, the mob wins
If Biden wins the rioters and anarchists, and  Look, you see what's going on
The arsonists and flag burners
How about the flag burning? I would love- I would love to have a law  This is so sad what's going on
When I see the American flag burn, I get so angry
I get so angry
I would love to have a law
It has to go through a big process
You burn the flag, you go to jail for one year
I would love to see it
I would love to see it
I would love to see it
I would love to see it
If I were a Congressman or Senator, I'd be in there with that one
You know, they'll say, Oh, freedom of speech
That's not freedom of speech
You burn the flag, you should go to jail for one year
I really mean that
They'll say, Oh, it's horrible
He's against free speech
No, no, we're not
We're not against free speech
But I'm running for reelection to bring back the tremendous prosperity that we enjoyed before the plague came in, and it's happening very fast
And I'm running for your state
I love this state
You know, I put a lot of money in this state and it's been a great investment
And we want to keep this state strong
Not for that reason, by the way, for other reasons, because this is a great place
You have a governor right now who's a political hack
We want to put violent criminals behind bars
And tell you governor to open up your state, by the way
Open up your state
You know, just so you know, these shutdowns, we did the right thing
We had the greatest economy in the history of the world
They came in, they  We were all seeing what was happening
We closed up
I mean, you know, you're presiding over the greatest economy in history and a group of very smart people walk in and say, Sir, we have to close it
And we did the right thing
We closed it
Well, actually he didn't think we should close it yet
But later on, he said, We did the right thing
We closed it
We closed it
We saved millions of lives
If we wouldn't have closed it, we would've been talking two and a half or three million
We're at 180
It's far too much
But we would have been talking about  It would've been unacceptable, unsustainable
It would've been so bad
Think of it
We're at 180,000
Other countries are doing terribly
Did you see the statistics of us compared to other countries? Us compared to Europe? We have done an incredible job
We get absolutely no credit for the job we've done
And I don't want it myself, but I want it for the admirals and the generals and Mike Pence
And Joe Biden was against it
Remember? He was totally against closing
He said, Oh, he's xenophobic
I'm xenophobic? I wanted it closed and nobody else did
At that time, nobody else did
I was way early
You know, they say, He didn't act fast
I was months early
Nancy Pelosi was a month and a half later saying, Come to Chinatown
Let's come to Chinatown
And Sleepy Joe was totally  He thought what I was doing was terrible
Then all of a sudden, now I see him saying, He should have closed it earlier
This guy  You know, the great thing about the age in which we live? It's all down in tape
It's all down
I got a reel on him
We call it Biden's Best
You got to hear this
But we want to ensure the future of America, not the future of China and other countries, because if we win, America wins, and it's all about America first
You've had presidents, they never put America first
They didn't put America first
They didn't take care of our country, but we're taking care of our country
Now, Joe Biden cannot lead our country because he really doesn't believe, truly, in our country
But I think that's a very strong statement
I don't think he has a clue
I'll be honest
The people that push him around don't believe in our country, because he agreed to a manifesto with crazy Bernie, right? It's called the manifesto
You know why it's called the manifesto? Because this is beyond socialism
This is a word that starts with a C, not and S
That's where they're coming from
That's where they're coming from
At Biden's convention they decried America wicked
And they were saying it's wicked sinful
It's destined for a fate of doom and despair
That was, by the way, that was the most depressing convention
We had a great convention
We had a great convention
They actually said that America wasn't great
They actually said that America was never great
You know who said that? Cuomo, the governor of New York, said America wasn't great
I don't know if he's going to get away with that one
That's going to haunt him
That's going to haunt him
America wasn't great
Him and his brother, Fredo
You ever watch Fredo? His ratings aren't very good, so you probably don't
But we know the truth
America's the most exceptional nation on Earth
And our destiny is blessed by God
We love this nation with all of our heart and soul, and we will always take care of our nation
You know, we have a little expression, Make America Great Again
That's what's happened
And you know, we had it done
Now I say, Make America Great Again, Again
Comma
I go comma again
And that's what we're doing at a record clip
They've never had a clip like this with the jobs and everything else
You see the numbers
On November 3rd, Nevada will decide whether we will quickly return to record prosperity, and we're doing it
We're going to have a tremendous year next year
Or whether we'll allow Joe Biden and the group of handlers to impose a $4 trillion tax hike, ban American energy, destroy our suburbs, demolish our second amendment, and indoctrinate your children with a poisonous anti-American lie
Yeah
Get him out of here, would you please? Under my leadership we built the greatest economy in the world
He's going home to mom
And now we're doing it again
We're developing a vaccine in record time
The other administration would have been years, and we're almost there
It's going to be announced very soon
We'll be ready before the end of the year
And we will very easily defeat the China virus
That's what's happening
And we're already making that turn
We're making that round beautiful last turn, but it should have never happened
China should have never let that happen
They should have stopped it in China
Under my administration, before the virus, we quickly achieved the lowest unemployment rate in Nevada's history
And we'll soon be there again
You see what's happening
A guy like Biden would totally eradicate Nevada's economy
He would make it impossible for you to compete
And he's already said if the doctor suggested, he would shut down the country again
We're not shutting down our country
A shutdown we'll destroy the lives and dreams of tens of millions of American
Look the Americans, you know, on the other side if you look at these shutdowns, and you're living through it right now
You know, there aren't many states that are shut down
They're all Democrats
North Carolina, your state
But North Carolina, we're not  You take a look at North Carolina
Pennsylvania shut down
Every one of them that are shut down are doing not well
They're not doing well
And they all have Democrat governors
And you know, when you look at the suicide rates, when you look at all of the suicide, all of the domestic violence, the drugs, all of the problems, we can't have it
We can't have it
Open up your state
You got to open up your state
It's all political
It's all political
It's all political
On November 4th, they'll announce, We're going to open up the states
They're only doing it to affect your November 3rd great election
Most important election
Biden will always do whatever the radical left demands
And if elected, his radical supporters won't just be causing mayhem on the streets
They'll be running the Department of Justice, the Department of Homeland Security
And by the way, the United States Supreme Court
And we will have a very different country
You know, the next president probably will have anywhere one, two, three, or four Supreme Court justices
If you want your second amendment, if you want life, if you want so many other things, even having to do with your military, even having to do with your vets, if you want things, if you want, you've got to have the court
Because they'll last for 25, 30, 40 years
They're put on as young people and they stay a long time
Our country will never be the same
We'll never be able to recover from it
So you got to get out on November 3rd or early voting
You got to get out and vote
And you could send your ballot, and then you have to check that your ballot's counted because they might not count your ballot in this state
They may not count your ballot
But we're looking to save and we're going to save America
We're not going to let that happen
So we're joined tonight by two terrific congressional candidates that have been just incredible in the job they've done
You see it
I mean, you've seen it all the way
The job they've done in their campaign
They beat people that were very good, very talented, great politicians, and they won
Dan, where is he? Dan Rodimer
Dan Rodimer
Dan Rodimer
And we're with you all the way, Dan
And Jim Marchant
Jim, thank you very much
Thank you, Jim
So we're backing you all the way
You got to get them in
We will take back the House
You know why? Because people cannot stand Nancy Pelosi
They don't like Nancy Pelosi
Even the woman that owns the beauty parlor turned her in
Can you believe that? Nancy Pelosi's a customer
She turned her in
She thought it was disgraceful, but that's what we're dealing with, a bunch of phonies
But you guys, we have your back 100%
Michael, you'll make sure, all right? I also want to introduce and thank  He's done a fantastic job
Nevada Republican Party Chairman, Michael McDonald
And a friend of mine, and thank you, Michael
Your former Attorney General Adam Laxalt
And a person with tremendous spirit and personality to put it mildly
She's tough, but she's very kind
She's a great person, Kimberly Guilfoyle
Thank you, Kimberly
Thank you
Thank you, Kimberly
The owner of the Chicago Cubs and he's in first place, so he's very happy, the RNC Finance Chairman, Todd Ricketts
Where is Todd? Todd, thank you
Great
Go win that pennant Todd
Win the pennant
One of the best people ever to work for me  One of the best people ever to work for me in government
He's tough, he's smart, he can be vicious, but he's just fair more than anything else
But he is a talented guy with tremendous energy and tremendous brain power, Rick Grenell
Thank you, Rick
Thank you Don
Thank you Don
Also, a Las Vegas legend, Rick Harrison
Rick, thank you Rick
You are a legend, aren't you, huh? Great job you've done
Great job you've done
A friend of mine for a long time
Years ago, he was looking for a place
Can I tell this story just quickly, do you mind? He was looking for a place and they said, Well, that sport's never going to make it
It's too violent
They just don't know how violent the American people are, do they? They never quite figured that out
No
They said, No, it'll never make it
There's nobody like this guy, I'm telling you
I always say it's a great sport
Without him, I don't know what they'd do
I don't know if anything would make it He could do anything
He is so smart, so tough, so cunning
He's been a friend of mine for a long time, I've been a friend of his, but I gave him a place a long time ago
And all I know is, just like we have outside, we had lines
I said, What the hell is going on here, Dana? This place is packed
We were packed
We had thousands of people that couldn't get in, and I was so nice
I said, Let's do it again, Dana, please
And we did it again and again and again, and it became the UFC and he sold it and has a big chunk of it, but he got $4 billion when he sold it
$4 billion
That's not too bad
That's not too bad, Dana
But he really is, he's an incredible guy
And he also loves his fighters
He wants to take care of his fighters and he brought some of them along, the best
But I want to introduce Dana White
Dana, please stand up
And Dana brought along a few of his friends and these are not people you want to pick a fight with
Because under those beautiful suits, there are a lot of muscles, a lot of power, a lot of genius for fighting and for other things, but a lot of genius under those suits
A few members of the UFC community
Here's a man, he used to walk into that ring and he still does, and he's as good as there is in the world
Number one in the world
You don't want to pick a fight with him at a bar
Let's say you'd had a fight and you happen to meet Colby Covington
You say, What's your name? And he said, My name's Colby Covington
And the first time I saw Colby Covington, he walks into the ring
Now he wasn't fighting, but he walked in with that same hat that you're wearing
It said, Keep America great
It says, Make He doesn't care
As long as it has Trump on in someplace, he doesn't care
He doesn't discriminate
But this was the same day that we had our conservative reporter beat to hell by that wise guy, who's now in big trouble for doing what he did
And then he walks in wearing the hat, Keep America great
And he wears the hat and he's going like this because this was a big story
You remember what they did to that guy? Conservative reporter, not a fighter
He wasn't a fighter
And it was 10 people against one
Now, if we had 10 people against that one, those 10 people would be in serious trouble
They said, What the hell? But I'd like to introduce Colby Covington
Great fighter
Great, great fighter
Incredible
He is a great fighter
Three months ago, I saw him fight a guy
He looked like it would be impossible to beat
I never saw muscles
He had muscles on muscles on muscles
And Colby is a very fit guy and fantastic
But he didn't look quite the same
It wasn't even a contest
It went a few rounds
I couldn't believe what you did
He took him apart so easily
It was like an easy day at the office
So you have to explain that to me someday, Colby, but we love you, man
You're with us and where we are with you
Another great, great champion
Another great champion, Henry Cejudo, one of the best in the world
And Henry, please stand, please
Now, you won the championship twice, right Henry? Twice
He won it twice
Don't mess with him
Don't mess with him
And his brother, Alonzo, is here
Alonzo Cruz
Thank you very much, Alonzo
Thank you
Thank you
And Alonzo doesn't mess with Henry, he learned that a long time ago
So one of the best fighters in the world, and he's got a tremendous fight coming up against, I guess the number one rated pound for pound fighter, Justin Gaethje
Please stand up, Justin
Justin Gaethje, thank you
And you feel good about that fight? He said he's going to knock him out
Well, we're going to be watching
It's right before the election, but I think I'm going to be watching, okay? I'll be watching, you better believe it
That's going to be an incredible fight
Good luck
Good luck, Justin
Great fighter
And also Ali Abdelaziz, right? Abdelaziz
Great guy
One of the best
Thank you very much
But these are great people that they have so many people at the UFC and they've been big fans of us
They love our country
They love our country
And we loved them and nobody like our Dana
Thank you Dana, very much
Great honor
Thank you, man
Tonight, we're also praying for everyone throughout the West affected by the devastating wildfires
We want really forest management, we want forest management My administration is closely coordinating with the state and local leaders, with the governor and we thank the more than 28,000 firefighters and first responders courageously braving the danger and their life, and I'm going there tomorrow
I'll be going to California tomorrow
We have meetings with FEMA and all of the different people
It'll be amazing to see
It's like the biggest we've ever had
It's crazy
It's crazy what's going on
Thousands and thousands and thousands of acres
It's crazy
So we're going to be there tomorrow
We'll be with the governor
We're also going to various other places
Washington also is in big trouble and Oregon
I spoke with the governor of Oregon and they've never had anything like it
And of course they also have a place called Portland and we will put that fire out
Just tell us to put it out, governor
That fire we'll put out
That's a much easier fire to put out
It would take us less than a half an hour
We've spent the last four years reversing the damage done by Joe Biden and all of the damage that him and his thought process has inflicted over a 47-year period
We passed record-setting tax cuts and record-setting regulation cuts
We achieved American energy independence
Nobody thought it was possible
When Biden pledged to abolish the production of American oil and shale and clean coal and natural gas, which is very clean, and he wanted to ban fracking, we said, No, we're not doing that
For 47 years, Biden crushed the dreams of American workers to enrich foreign countries
That's what happened
Look, he says he's going to change
He's been there for 47 years and you know that he's been there until three and a half years ago
So it's not like, Gee, he hasn't done it for 20
He was there recently
They didn't do it
And you don't change
And you always go back to the first statement
His first statement was anti- religion
His first statement was anti-fracking, anti-energy
His first statement was anti all of the things, but it was really anti-gun, anti-Second Amendment
He even put this whack job, he even put Beto O'Rourke, Beto
Great deal for us
That's a great deal
By the way, our stock market is setting records, I hate to say, in the middle a pandemic
But hopefully, as we round that final turn on the pandemic, we're setting records with the stock market
Your 401k's are doing very well
Your stocks are doing very well
And you know what? If something would happen where he'd get in, and there's a headwind, believe it or not, that stock market would be much higher, but there's a headwind on the possibility, okay? Everything is a possibility
There's a headwind
But I'll tell you what, if he ever got in, you would have a market crash the likes of which this country has never seen before
Just remember it, just to remember it, because what they want to do is crazy, the Green New Deal, $100 trillion, the Green New Deal
That's more money than we could make in a thousand years, a hundred trillion dollars
We don't like that building
The windows are too big
What do you do? Rip it down and build a new one
All good
That sounds good
I saved the U
S
auto industry by withdrawing from the last administration's job-killing catastrophe, the Trans-Pacific Partnership
And we're building many auto plants, you know that, some here, but we're building many auto plants in Michigan, many auto plants in Michigan
If we don't win Michigan after all those auto plants, and I don't know, but it's been tough but we won it last time
And we're showing a poll that just came out that we're two points up in Michigan
That's very good, that's very good
I took the toughest ever action to stand up to China's rapid theft of American jobs
Biden's agenda is made in China, my agenda is made in the USA
That's what it is
For the last four years, I've been delivering for our incredible Hispanic community, I'm fighting for school choice, safe neighborhoods, low taxes, low regulations on all Hispanic-owned small business, and they are great business people
And they understood that
They understood that, they understood it And by the way, there's nobody that knows our Southern border better than, I call them the Hispanics, I call them the Latino
I said, What do you prefer? It's very interesting
Some say, Call us Latino
Others say, Call us Hispanic
Others say, Call us whatever the hell you want
We love you, we love you
But our Hispanic population knows our Southern border better than anybody else
And they don't want criminals coming across
They want people to come across, but they want them to come across legally
And we have the strongest Southern border now that we've ever had
The Democrats and Biden would be a disaster for Hispanic Americans
He's pledged to wage attacks on Catholic organizations like the Little Sisters of the Poor
They're fighting him
He supports taxpayer-funded extreme late-term abortion
Extreme late-term
He would allow left-wing anarchies to burn down your businesses
He would hand over your jobs to China, and your country to the socialists and beyond the socialists
The Democrat Party also continues to attack our incredible border agents, more than half of whom happen to be Hispanic Americans
And they're great
And I want to thank not only law enforcement, but a big part of law enforcement, the Border Patrol and the ICE agents, they're incredible
The ICE agents, Dana could sign some of them up, the ICE agents, they go into like a pack
They go at a pack
They go into a pack of MS-13 fighters
These are criminals and they do it like it's routine
You don't want that job
I don't see any of the people, male or female sitting in this audience, that wants that job, ICE
They take out thousands and thousands of MS-13 killers a year and bring them the hell back out of our country
All around our country, our communities are protected by Hispanic American heroes in law enforcement, and they deserve unwavering gratitude
I want to just thank you all, I want to thank you all
With us tonight are members of the National Border Patrol Council and they are great friends of us
I want to just thank them
The official union of our nation's incredible border patrol agents
And you know what? They're not supposed to do it, but they did it anyway, they endorsed me
I want to thank Brandon Judd, who's here, and Art Del Cueto
Art
Where's Brandon, where is my Brandon? Where is Brandon? Look at these guys
Look, they're ready
They're ready to fight
Hey Brandon, Art, pick out your toughest guy, I want to see whether or not he can take Colby in a fight
Don't do it
Thank you very much
Thanks fellas
We appreciate it very much
Thanks
Great job too
Great job
My administration has achieved the most secure border in American history
We ended catch and release
We stopped asylum fraud
We've deported 20,000 gang members and over half a million criminal aliens
We built over 320 miles, as of today, border wall and we're adding 10 new miles every single week
We're doing about 10 miles a week and we'll be finished with the wall very shortly
And you think, That was an easy one
That was not an easy one
We were fought
Two things, and I say it, two things that never get old
Remember the Democrats are saying, A wall won't work
Really? Tell me about it
Wall works
That's one of the reasons our numbers are so good, but two things that will never get old-  one of the reasons our numbers are so good, but two things that will never get old, never, you know what they are? A wall and a wheel
A wall and a wheel
It'll never get old
A wall
I see so many things and I see all these businesses, computers, you come up with a new chip, you come up with a new computer, you come up with a new laptop
Three weeks later, you buy it, three weeks later, it's obsolete
But a wall will never be obsolete, and a wheel will never be obsolete
You come back in a thousand years, a wall and a wheel
Thanks to our powerful new security measures, we've doubled the amount of meth seized at the border over the last year, we've doubled
We invested $2
5 trillion in the US military and launched the first new branch of the US Armed Forces in 75 years, the Space Force
We passed VA Choice and VA Accountability
And I've accomplished more in 47 months than Joe Biden did in 47 years
That's true
That's true
I withdrew from the last administration's disastrous Iran nuclear deal
So good for Israel
So good that we did that
They paid $150 billion, 1
8 billion in cash
I think Dana White could have made a slightly better deal than that
You know what we got for it? Nothing
We got nothing
We killed the founder and leader of ISIS
al-Baghdadi we eliminated the number one terrorist in the world
And we're talking over a 50 year period
Number one in the world, the mass murder of American troops and many other people throughout the world, Qasem Soleimani is dead
I kept my promise, recognized the true capital of Israel and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem
I recognized Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights, and we've achieved the two historic peace deals in the Middle East in just the last month, two, two
Over 75 years, they did two
We did two in a month
And many other countries are coming in, the United Arab Emirates and Bahrain have both agreed to normalize relations with Israel
Nobody thought this was possible
In fact, you didn't hear it because they don't report this
They just don't want to report it, but they nominated your President twice last week on two different subjects for a Nobel Prize
But the fake news media didn't cover it, so that's it
Biden got it
Remember Well, okay
Remember when our great President, right? Barack Hussein Obama, he got it
Right? Like immediately
And they said, Why did you get it? And he was unable to explain, do you remember? Why did you get it? Because it was like, he just became President, and they said, We're going to nominate Barack Hussein Obama for the Nobel Peace award, right? And what happened? And then Biden said, What about me? They said, Who the hell is he? This guy, what the hell has he done? But it's true
Obama got it for no reason whatsoever
Rick, you know that? No reason whatsoever
Joe Biden brought you only endless wars, I'm bringing you peace and I'm bringing our troops back home
They're all coming back
Endless wars
Biden voted for the Iraq war
He opposed the mission to take out Osama bin Laden
He opposed the killing of Soleimani
He oversaw the rise of ISIS and he cheered the rise of China as a positive development for America and the world
When I banned China from coming in, highly infected, he said it was hysterical and xenophobic
If we had listened to Joe, hundreds of thousands more Americans would have died just by that one move alone
When the- Thank you
I agree, actually, but I don't think I'm allowed to say it
When the virus arrived, we launched the largest national mobilization since World War II, we're delivering life-saving therapies, we've achieved among the lowest case fatality rates of any major country, anywhere in the world
You don't hear this
Europe's excess mortality rate is 24% higher than the US, and despite their very punitive lockdowns, they're once again, seeing very large spikes in cases, unfortunately
The United States has experienced the smallest contraction of any major Western nation and the fastest recovery by far
Who's going to do well? And there's a reason for it
Through our historic relief programs, we've saved more than half a million Nevada jobs and over 42,000 Nevada businesses, we've saved 42,000 of your businesses
And he's looking at doing all of this stuff
He will destroy protections for preexisting conditions and decimate your 401s, your retirement system, your stocks, he'll establish a national sanctuary city policy for criminal illegal aliens
He wants to cut your vet facilities in half, go to socialized healthcare and end 180 million Americans' private healthcare plans, which they love
Biden pledges to oppose school choice, and he stated that if elected, charter schools are gone
And charter schools have been great
In a second term, I'll provide school choice to every parent in America
A vote for Republicans is a vote for safe communities, great jobs, a limitless future for all Americans
It's really a vote for the American dream
That's what it is
It's the American dream versus the American nightmare
Instead of letting Washington change us, despite all that we've been through, we are changing Washington
So in concluding, this wonderful afternoon, and again, Don, thank you very much, but in concluding, this wonderful afternoon, and if the governor comes after you, which he shouldn't be doing, I'll be with you all the way
I'll be with you all the way
Don't worry about a thing
Over the next four years, we'll be making America into the manufacturing superpower of the world and we'll end our reliance on China once and for all
We will make our medical supplies right here in the United States
We will rapidly return to full employment, soaring economies, and record prosperity
We will expand Opportunity Zones, and we will continue cutting taxes and regulations at a level that nobody has ever seen before
We will hire more police, increase penalties for assaults on law enforcement, surge federal prosecutors into high crime communities
And we'll be watching the ballots very closely also, by the way
And we will ban sanctuary cities
We will appoint prosecutors, judges, and justices who believe in enforcing the law, not in enforcing their own agenda
We will ensure equal justice for citizens of every race, color, religion, and creed
We will defend the dignity of work and the sanctity of life
We will uphold religious liberty, free speech and the right to keep and bear arms
We will strike down terrorists who threaten our citizens, and we will keep America out of these endless ridiculous foreign wars, all coming back
We will maintain America's unrivaled military might, and we will ensure peace through strength, two and a half trillion dollars, have the strongest military we've ever had, beautiful brand new equipment
When I took it over, it was totally depleted, our military
We have the greatest equipment that any military has ever even conceived of, things that people have no idea what we have, and let's keep it that way
We will end surprise medical billing, require price transparency already signed, further reduce health insurance premiums, and the cost of prescription drugs will be dropping like a rock very soon
The drug companies do not like me too much
It's a favored nations clause I signed
We will strongly protect Medicare, and your Social Security will be totally secure
And we will always protect patients with preexisting conditions
America will land the first woman on the moon, and the United States will be the first nation to land an astronaut on Mars
When I took over, NASA was a shell of itself
It was closed, they had grass growing in the runways, grass growing in the runways
Now it's the number one space center in the world by far
We will stop the radical indoctrination of our students and restore patriotic education to our schools
We will teach our children to love our country, honor our history and always respect our great American flag
We will live by the timeless words of our national motto, In God we trust, and we're going to keep it that way
For years, you had a President who apologized for America
Now you have a President who is standing up for America and standing up for your state, Nevada
So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors, get your coworkers, and on November 3rd or sooner, get out and vote
From Carson City to Elko, from Las Vegas to Reno, from Minden to right here in Henderson, we stand on the shoulders of red-blooded American patriots who poured out their heart, sweat, and soul to secure our liberty and defend our great freedom
Nevada was founded by pioneers and prospectors, miners and cowboys, innovators and trailblazers who tamed the frontier, raised up the mighty Hoover Dam, transformed a sprawling desert into a shining oasis and inspired the world with the brilliant lights of the Vegas Strip
Our American ancestors made this into the greatest nation ever to exist on the face of the earth, and we are going to make it greater than ever before
That's what we're doing
Proud citizens like you helped build this country, and together we are taking back our country
We are returning power to you, the American people, with your help, your devotion, and your drive, we are, you know the story, going to keep on working, going to keep on fighting, and going to, like these guys, keep on winning, winning, winning
You hear that, Colby? You hear that, Justin? Okay? He's fighting a tough customer, but I don't know
I think maybe, I'm in Vegas, I'll have to place Is the President allowed to place a bet? I don't know
They'll say, The President of the United States just placed two bets, Justin and Colby
I don't know
I don't know, but they are great
That'd be easy money
Well, maybe not that easy
I don't know if it's that easy
We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God, and together with the incredible people of Nevada, we will make America wealthy again, we will make America strong again, we will make America proud again, we will make America safe again, and we will make America great again
Thank you
Thank you, everybody
Thank you

Well, thank you to Vice President Pence
Thank you, Mike
And hello Pennsylvania
Hello
It's great to be back in this state that gave us the Liberty Bell, Pennsylvania Steel, Hershey chocolate
I like Hershey chocolate
The Nittany Lions
The Nittany Lions, they're doing pretty well too and the incredible American Patriots just like you, you are Patriots
Thank you very much
Thank you
Under Republican leadership, America is stronger than ever before and we are respected again
Last month you saw it, we smashed expectations with another 266,000 jobs and unemployment is now more than a 50-year low
We have never seen what's going on with different groups
Unemployment is at a position we've never had anything like this
You are so lucky I became your president
I'm only kidding
I have to say I'm kidding because the fake news back there will take that
They'll take that statement and they'll blow it up and they'll say, He said they were lucky to have him as president
What a horrible thing to say
Because they're fake
Anyway, here in Pennsylvania you had the single best year that you've ever had in the history of our country, not bad
The Pennsylvania unemployment rate has reached an all time record low
And I hate to tell you this, when I was campaigning three and a half years ago, I'd come here, you weren't doing so well, folks
You weren't doing so well
Wages were way down, unemployment was way up
It wasn't a pretty picture
Just a few months ago, I visited the new Shell Petrochemical Plant in Beaver County at $6 billion with a B, $6 billion
It is the largest investment in Pennsylvania history
We're ending decades of failed trade policies that devastated communities all across the state
For generations, American manufacturing was the bedrock of your economy, the bedrock
Remember the last administration,  You need a magic wand
It'll never come back
We found the magic wand, didn't we? Then came NAFTA, the NAFTA disaster, I call it, one of the worst trade deals in the history of any country and the loss of one in three Pennsylvania manufacturing jobs
Your politicians always pledged to fix it
They'd talk about it for years and years and decades, but they never were able to do it
They came and they went to Washington and they did nothing
But unlike those politicians, I keep my promises
And I love Pennsylvania
I went to school in Pennsylvania, you know that right? I know it well
And I'm thrilled to report that we are on the verge of ending the NAFTA catastrophe once and for all
Congress will soon vote on my new trade deal, the US-Mexico-Canada agreement or USMCA
After years of waiting, many, many years, many, many decades, they've been looking for this, and then we got it done and we've been waiting for a long time for Nancy Pelosi to announce USMCA and she did it on the same day that they announced that they are going to impeach the 45th president of the United States and your favorite president, I think
And the reason they announced it on the same day, one hour later, they announce impeachment, a few guys standing behind her
They announced the impeachment, and then an hour later, she announced that she's going to USMCA
You know why? It's a huge deal and it plays down the impeachment because they are embarrassed by the impeachment, and our poll numbers have gone through the roof because of her stupid impeachment
And think of it this way also, the silver lining of impeachment and this witch hunt, that's the reason they approved USMCA
So that's okay with me, because they approved it and they're very happy to have it
But honestly, it's an incredible deal for our country
Took too long, it waited in Congress for too long a time
Incredible deal, and replacing the worst, NAFTA
We've also just reached a deal with Congress to invest a record $738 billion more into our great military
When I took over, I will tell you, I became president Think of it, almost three years ago
By the way, was that the most exciting night ever? I'm just watching these people, that was one of the greatest evenings in the history of television from a rating standpoint, from an excitement standpoint, what the hell would they do without me and you? They'd be gone
About a month before I ran, I picked up a New York Times, it was like a leaflet that you had out at a grocery store and now it's thick
They've got all their reporters covering Trump, Trump, Trump
I can't imagine they won't endorse because without me winning, you know what happens? They all go down the tombs they got, all of them, Washington Post, New York Times, those very dishonest networks
They are very dishonest, very, very dishones
No, they're very dishonest people
And I have to say this, look, and I always have to say this, you have some really great journalists and you have some honest publications, but not too many of them, I have to be honest with you
Well, you know that
Does anybody think the media is honest? Does anybody think they're totally corrupted and dishonest? All right
The legislation will also officially establish something that's so important to me because it's where it's at
And a lot of people used to smile and now outside of the wall, which we're building The wall is going on
It gets one of the biggest applause of anything, it's the sixth branch of the United States Armed Forces, the Space Force
We're opening up the Space Force because you know what, that's where it's at
And everything's built right here in the United States
That's simple
And by the way, we build the greatest weapons, the greatest planes, the greatest ships, we build it in the United States, there's nobody that comes close
We have the greatest military equipment anywhere in the world, rockets and missiles, no place builds it like us
We have the best in the world and we sell it to allies and they all want to buy from the United States
We've never had a thing like this
We are so hot
We are so hot
And just a few weeks ago, the United States Special Forces brought the world's number one terrorist to justice
Thanks to the strength and courage of our warriors, and they're great warriors, the bloodthirsty savage known as Al Baghdadi is now dead
And he was quickly replaced by his second-in-command and his second-in-command is now dead
And we've got our eye on and our sights on third also, we know exactly where and when, but it's becoming a very unpopular job, not a lot of takers and that's what we want
Go back to living a good normal life because America is winning again
America is winning again like never before
And as I always say, and I've already said it twice tonight, this country is so respected and we were not respected four years ago, we were laughed at
But while we're delivering historic victories for the American people, the radical left Democrats and the failed Washington establishment are trying to erase your votes, nullify the election and overthrow our democracy
Not going to happen, don't worry about it
I wouldn't lose too much sleep over it
And I have to say this about the Republicans, the Republicans And you have a lot of great ones here tonight, your Congressman
You have a lot of great ones, these congressmen are great
The Republicans have never been so United as they are right now, ever
The House, the Senate, we've never been this United because it's all a hoax and they understand it
They also understand poll numbers, but I'm sure that had nothing to do with it
But the impeachment hoax is about overturning your great 2016 vote, or in the alternative, trying to win the 2020 election
That's not going to happen
Yesterday, the Justice Department's Inspector General released a report detailing the outrageous, scandalous and unprecedented abuses of power
Get them out
Get her out
Get her out
Get her out
See, these guys want to be so politically correct, you get her out
You see that? I'll tell you, law enforcement is so great
That particular guy wanted to be so politically correct
We don't want to be politically correct
I don't know who he was, he didn't do the greatest job, so they tried to frame innocent people in the ludicrous It all started with the Russia witch hunt
Then the inspector general shocking report proved that the Obama FBI obtained secret warrants to spy on my campaign based on a phony foreign dossier of debunk smears, paid for by crooked Hillary Clinton and the DNC
The FBI failed to disclose the nature of the political hit job to the Pfizer court
They hid it, they deceived it, and they lied
The dossier was written by a discredited foreign agent who quote, Desperate that Donald Trump not get elected and was passionate about him not being the United States president
What's this? Folks, they spied on our campaign, they spied
Never happened before in the history of our country and we're really wise to it
We're wise to it
The inspector general found that the FBI spying application contained 17 errors and omissions, commonly known as lies and deceit
When the FBI And you have great people in the FBI, but not in leadership
You have not good people in leadership, you haven't had
When the FBI uncovered evidence showing that we did absolutely nothing wrong, which was right at the beginning, they hid that exonerating, you know that? They hid it
They hid it so nobody could see it, so they could keep this hoax going on for two years
They knew right at the beginning that it was all a frame up, a set up, but they hid it so that nobody could see it, so they could keep it going on, thinking they were going to hurt us politically
But now we're stronger politically than we were ever before
And the FBI also sent multiple undercover human spies to surveil and record people associated with our campaign
Look how they've hurt people
They've destroyed the lives of people that were great people, that are still great people
Their lives have been destroyed by scum, by scum
An FBI lawyer forged, took an email forged, forged an email used as evidence, an act which is now the subject of a criminal referral
What they did is so unbelievable
Oh, I look forward I don't know
I don't know, keep away
I look forward to Bull Durham's report, that's the one I look forward to
And this report was great by the IG, especially since he was appointed by President Barack Hussein Obama
Considering that fact, it was great because we learned a lot of things that nobody would have found out variously, although I suspect we would have
We also know from a previous inspector general investigation that many of these same high ranking officials were consumed with anti- Trump and anti-Trump people hatred and bias, texting about an insurance policy, let's have an insurance remember? Remember? Peter Strzok and his lover, Lisa Page
Remember? Lisa, I love you so much
Lisa, please, Lisa please
Lisa, I've never loved anyone like you
We won't allow this to happen to our country
Lisa, please tell me you love me
Lisa, I love you
Peter, I love you
I love you like I've never loved anyone
And if for any reason she loses, even though she's a stone called corrupt person, if for any reason she loses, Peter, we've got to have an insurance policy, we have to do it because we're going to go  And that's what's been happening for the last two and a half years
It was their phony insurance policy
So FBI lawyer, Lisa Page, so in love that she didn't know what the hell was happening texted the head of Counter Intelligence, Peter Strzok, likewise so in love he couldn't see straight
This poor guy, did I hear he needed a restraining order after this whole thing to keep him away from Lisa? That's what I heard
I don't know if it's true
The fake news will never report it, but it could be true
No, that's what I heard
I don't know
I mean who could believe a thing like that? No, I heard that Peter Strzok needed a restraining order to keep him away from his once lover
Ah, Lisa, I hope you're miss him
Lisa, he'll never be the same
But he said he's not ever going to become president and Strzok look back, No, no, he won't
We'll stop it
We'll stop it
Can you believe we found these texts? This is FBI agents at a high level
No, no
We'll stop it
They're going to stop us from winning an election and then we have to listen, There was no bias
Oh, there was no bias
Think of these people, they write here was no bias
And yet he saying, No, no, darling, we'll stop it
And then they announce there was no bias
Now you know what we're doing, and it's not easy, and somebody said a regular president I don't want to use the word normal because that's not a nice normal refer A regular president would have been under a table, thumb in the mouth saying, Take me home mommy, this is too tough for me
It's true
True, they know
And while it was tough on my family, I have to say, very unfair to my family, very tough on my family
I have a great family, tough For me, it's my life
I do it, I do it
It's one thing, but very tough on a family thing, a thing like this happens, it's a disgrace
But day after day we're exposing something called that filthy, disgusting, horrible swamp and we're cleaning it up
And now after and a half years now that the Russia witch hunt is dead, a big fat disgusting fraud, the Congressional Democrats are pushing the impeachment witch hunt having to do with Ukraine, but that's already failing
You saw their so-called articles of impeachment today, people are saying they're not even a crime
What happened? All of these horrible things, remember? Bribery and this and that
Where are they? They send these two things and not even a crime
This is the lightest, weakest impeachment
Our country has had actually many impeachments, you recall judges and lots of many impeachments, but it was on today, everybody said, This is impeachment light
This is the lightest impeachment in the history of our country by far
It's not even like an impeachment
These people are stone cold crooked
When a guy like shifty Schiff, he's a corrupt politician, he made up my statement because See, I did one thing very good, as soon as I heard about this deal, I released my statement immediately, but he had already made horrible statements
And by the way, the whistleblower, the whistleblower defrauded our country because the whistleblower wrote something that was totally untrue and we broke up the game
Remember the second whistleblower was coming, right? And then the informer, who is the informer? I know who the informer is
So the informer obviously gave him a false information because they wrote in the whistleblower report, they wrote something totally different from what I said, what I said was perfect
But it screwed up the whole works because most guys would never do that
They didn't even know probably that we had it transcribed, professionally transcribed, word for word transcribed, so beautiful
Am I lucky I had it transcribed? Think of that
Think of that
So when I said release it And I don't like doing that because you're releasing it, it's a conversation with a foreign leader, in this case, a very fine gentlemen, president of Ukraine, the new president of Ukraine
And we call them up and we said, Would it be okay? Our secretary of state made the call, Would it be okay? And they didn't know what we were talking about, but they said, Yeah, it's okay
And by the way, he, his foreign minister, everybody did you know they said, There was no pressure
He didn't do anything wrong
There was no pressure put on us
That didn't stop anybody but we released the conversation and that gummed it up
Now, all of a sudden we never heard from the second whistleblower
We never heard about who the informer was
The whistleblower who's going to come out strong, he's disappeared
Where's the whistleblower? He's disappeared
He's gone
Maybe our great Congressman can find him
He's gone
Maybe our great Congressmen can find him
Okay? But the whistleblower is gone
He flew the coop because he reported incorrectly, and the IG, who didn't want to look at the conversation, he was so anxious to turn the whistleblower report over to Congress so that Congress could have fun with it, ought to be ashamed of himself
But today, the House Democrats announced these two flimsy, pathetic, ridiculous articles of impeachment
The House Democrats are walking back from everything they claimed
With today's announcement, they're now admitting there was no collusion, there was no obstruction of justice, and there were no crimes whatsoever
There are no crimes
It says that, there are no crimes
They're impeaching me and there are no crimes
This has to be a first in history
They're impeaching me
You know why? Because they want to win an election
And that's the only way they can do it
So the Democrats have nothing, and they've turned the somber process of impeachment
And it was, you know, to me, impeachment is a very ugly word
It's a word I associate with some very bad times in our country
The good news is we're having the best times in history in our country
Okay? But the word impeachment, to me, is a very, very ugly word
It's a dark, ugly word
But, but I have to tell you, as bad as it is, it meant something
When you had serious high crimes and misdemeanors, when you had serious, go ahead, it's impeachment
That would happen every 50 years, every 40 years, every 100 years
This was a big deal
They're making it so like, Let's do it every six months
They've cheapened a process
They've cheapened a process
These people are so bad, the radical left Democrats, and I actually think that Pelosi, who by the way, by the way, by the way, she has totally lost control
She has totally  It's being run now by this crazy AOC plus three
AOC plus three
Now it's being run by other people
The far left has just grabbed that party
It is so sad to see
And she knew what would happen
I didn't, because I didn't figure the polls would go through the roof
They went out today
In Michigan, in Wisconsin, in a place called Pennsylvania
No, no
The polls are through the roof
They're called swing states, very important states
We won Pennsylvania the last time, and we're going to win it again, but even bigger
Our polls have gone, over the last month, they've gone through the roof
You look at it, take a look at it, it came out today
The FireHouse poll, it's an important poll
It was always good
I never looked at it
Today, I like it a lot
We're up through  nobody can even believe it
So what Pelosi did, and as I said, they do the impeachment, then right away, let's do USMCA, right on top of it
You'd think she'd wait like a day
She wanted to smother the impeachment crap, and that's probably what she did, at least to an extent
But any Democrat that votes for this sham will be voting to sacrifice their house majority, their dignity, and their career
Okay? And some of these partisan lunatics have already said that if they fail this time, think of this
How about Low IQ Maxine Waters? How about Green? How about Green? We've Green
How about Green, where he said, We have to impeach him because if we don't impeach him we're not going to win the election
This is what we're dealing with
You know, we're dealing with some very bad people
We're dealing with people that don't respect you
And by the way, you know they talk about the elite? You're the elite
They're not the elite
You're the elite
You're the elite
You got better education
You got better everything
You're the elite
It always bothers me, they said, The elite
This is the elite
Look at these people
How beautiful
This is the elite
You know who are the elite? You look at those jobs reports
We're the best in history unemployment for African Americans, best in history unemployment Hispanic Americans, best in history unemployment Asian Americans
You're the elite
You're the elite
But they said they'll do it again because this has been a total bust
They'll do it again
And by the way, the Senate's been so professional, so good, so strong, so solid
Just like these gentlemen in the House
So solid
So we have to vote these crazy people the hell out of office
And in 2020 I'm going to work like hell that we take over the House
We have to take over the House
We have to
Right? Got to take over the House, Mike
So here are the facts that Shifty Schiff  Is that guy the worst? He comes up to a microphone, now he comes up to a microphone like two and a half years ago, I have absolute proof that the President of the United States conspired with Russia
Russia? What the hell do I have to do with Russia? By the way, Russia wishes that Hillary Clinton won
They wish
We are now number one in the world in energy
Russia is number three
We're beating out Russia and Saudi Arabia
You'd have windmills all over the place if you had Crooked Hillary
They'd be knocking out those birds left and right
Those windmills
Wah, wah, wah
Darling, I want to watch television tonight and there's no damn wind
What do I do? I want to watch the election results
Darling, there's no wind
The damn wind just isn't blowing like it used to because of global warming, I think
I think it's global warming
Global warming
No more wind, no more life
The ocean is going to rise 1/8 of an inch within the next 250 years
We're going to be wiped out! Look, I want clean air
I want clean water, crystal clean, I want, and that's what we have at a record level
Our air and our water are cleaner now than it's ever been with all that we're doing, and we haven't closed up all of our industry, and we haven't closed up our businesses and lost all those jobs
And right now, we're by far the largest economy in the world
If you remember, you could look, if you go back five, six, seven years, in 2019 they say China was going to catch us as the world's largest economy
Guess what? They're way behind
They're way behind
Because over the last three years, you see the stock market set 131 records from the day
Think of that
And that means jobs, that means 401ks
I have so many people that come up to me, Thank you, sir
My wife is so in love with me because I went up 79% in the 401k
She thinks I'm a genius
She always thought I was a total stiff, a dumb, stupid dope
Now she thinks I'm a financial genius, sir
And all I did was buy some stock
I have stock in a 401k, and you made me into a genius, sir
She loves me so much more than she ever did
Shows you the power of money, right? Isn't that terrible? But I have so many people, 401ks are through the roof, your jobs are through the roof, we have the lowest unemployment rate
And now, more importantly than anything, wages are up for the first time in many, many years, decades, decades
You remember four years ago I was here, and I told people, I said, You know, 20 years ago, people made more money than they made four years ago
Not now
Not anymore
Because people now can not only make a lot more money, if they don't like their job, they go out and they get a different job, and they get more money, and ultimately they find one that they love
You have so many opportunities right now
Wages are up, jobs are up
And today we set a new record, almost 160 million people are working
We've never come close to that number
That's a hell of a number
But just quickly, here are the facts on Shifty Schiff
Dishonest guy, makes up my statements
He said, The President of Ukraine repeatedly declared that there was no pressure, but he didn't want to say that
We said, Say it
Say it, you crooked bastard, say it
But he doesn't want to say it
We said, Sat it! I'd like to force him to say it
He'll walk up to the mic, Ladies and gentlemen, guy's a total corrupt guy
Listen, just to finish off, a man who I really, I don't know him, but I respect him because the Ukrainian Foreign Minister, and he said it so strongly, I have never seen a direct link between investigations and security assistance
He just said that the Democrats, who are corrupt, refuse to say that, and that's ultimately the only one that matters, the leaders of Ukraine, because they're the ones that know of this pressure, not some crooked ambassador that's a deep stater, or that's a Bushy, or that's a Clintonite, or that's a Barack Obama ambassador
Okay? The ones that matter are the leadership of the country that we're talking about
They refuse to say it because they're dishonest people
There's only one way to stop the rabid partisan Democrats, Pennsylvania voters must show up in 2020 so we can take back the House, hold the Senate, and keep the White House
It's the only way
Only way
Okay, so I'm going to ask these people to come up on this stage because we have warriors with us tonight
We love warriors, like the guys that killed al-Baghdadi
You know how much press I got? I don't care about press
But Conan the dog got more than I did, and that's okay
Conan was almost electrocuted, he deserves it
They gave me about a day, and that's okay, because the people understand, we made a great decision
And remember this, al-Baghdadi was the founder of ISIS, al-Baghdadi was a vicious, ruthless person, al-Baghdadi created a caliphate bigger than the State of Ohio
Think of that, that's a big caliphate
And we now have taken 100% of the caliphate, and we have thousands and thousands of ISIS prisoners
With Obama, you did nothing
You did nothing but get your ass kicked
True
True
All right, we're joined tonight by many of the terrific warriors that have helped me so much in so many ways
They fight for us
They really are incredible
And they come right from the State of Pennsylvania
Hey, do you ever notice where Biden keeps saying he's in the wrong state? Like if he's in Ohio, It's great to be an Iowa tonight
If he's in Pennsylvania, It's wonderful to be in the State of Delaware
What is wrong with this guy? What's wrong with him? There's something wrong
Okay? There's something wrong
No, he keeps  How many times can you do that? So far, it could happen, because you know I was doing six and seven a day that last month, that last beautiful month that I loved, I was doing six
I left these guys alone
I didn't want to do interviews, they were a waste of time
We just did these big beautiful rallies
And you know, if you start getting a little  you know, I went to Michigan, then I went to Wisconsin, then I went  I'm sitting here saying, What the hell is going on? These crowds are incredible
And we had the biggest crowds
By the way, to this day, there has never been, and they'll always correct me, in the history of politics, in the history of our country, there has never been anybody that drew crowds like we draw, and I don't have a guitar
I have no guitar
But this has never happened
I mean if you took Ronald Reagan, and we all like Ronald Reagan, I liked him, I thought he was a great guy, but if he came to Pennsylvania for a rally, if he had 1,000 people in a ballroom or something, you know? I mean we're getting crowds, 25-30,000 people, and then there'll be 20,000 people outside
We set up screens outside, and if anybody would like to stand in the rain watching
And do you people out there, I'm sorry, it's pretty rough
But no, there's never been anything like it
One instruction get me the biggest arena you can get
We don't have empty seats
I mean look at this
How many seats is this? 11,000? How much? 10,500, it's packed
It's beyond that
And don't forget, look at the floor, and then you go out
No, and then you go out and you look outside, and you have thousands and thousands because there's a spirit for what we're doing
We're fixing our country, we're healing our country
We're making America great again
So I want to ask a couple of our great warriors to come forward
Representative Glenn Thompson, come up here, Glenn
Come up here
A man that's been a friend of mine for a long time, Mike Kelly
Don't get in the fight with Mike
Come up, Mike
A wonderful man who represents this area, Scott Perry
Representative Lloyd Smucker
Lloyd
A guy who was always there for us, John Joyce
And two people that you all know very well in this state, they bring home the bacon, Dan Meuser and Fred Keller
Thank you fellas
Thank you
I want to also bring back our Pennsylvania Party Chairman
And I know his grandfather, I shouldn't say that to you
He was a tremendous man, Dan Tabas, but I'm going to introduce somebody that Dan always said had tremendous talent
Little did I know that he'd be working with us, and he's really working well
He's smart, he's tough
Lawrence Tabas
Come on up, Lawrence
Come on up
Also with us tonight, Pennsylvania Trump Victory Chairwoman, Bernie
You know this, right? You know this person
Comfort
Do you know who that is? Do you know who that is? Everybody knows who that is
National Committeeman Bob Asher, RNC Co-chairman Tommy Hicks has been incredible, and my friend David Urban
David
So I just want to thank, this is an amazing group of people, and with their help, and the help of everyone here, we are going to set records like we've never set before
You know, I used to say, and I sort of still have to say, 2016, I don't know if anything like that can ever happen, but I think we're much better
All of the things I said, We're going to cut taxes
We're going to cut regulations
We're going to take care of our vets, look what we did for our vets, with choice, right? Look what we did
Look what we did
We now have the ability to fire all of the bad people that are in the VA
Right? Fired over 8,000 people that were disrespecting our vets
They wouldn't have done it in primetime, I can tell you that
But what we've done for our vets, what we've done in rebuilding our military, what we've done in so many ways, and we, unlike the Democrats, will protect your Second Amendment
Okay? So we've done a job, and we're proud of it, and we have tremendous people
Let's give them a hand, and thank you very much
Thank you
Thank you, everybody
Thank you
Thank you, folks
Vote for these people
Even if you don't like them, vote for them
Oh, that's a beautiful new hat
Look at the hat that guy's got on
How's that hat working out? Is that good? I love that hat
Look at this guy, that says Keep America Great
Should we do the poll? Should we do a poll? Okay, ready? So we have the greatest phrase in the history of politics, Make America Great Again
Wait
And we have our new phrase, because we've made America great
I've told you, stock market, we've rebuilt our military, we've cut your taxes at a level that nobody could even think possible
Take a look at your median income, take a look at what's happened
The numbers, median household income, take a look at your numbers
With President Bush, it went up $400 in eight years
With President Obama, it went up $975 in eight years
With President Trump, it went up 5,000, but whoa, whoa, whoa, in less than three years
That's a big thing
Wait
And then when you add energy savings, and you add tax savings, you have almost a $10,000 gain in three years
That's a big difference
And that's one of the very big reasons why our, I think that and regulations, but that's one of the very big reasons why our economy is doing so well, because they talk about our consumer is loaded with money
Thank you very much, Mr
President, I appreciate it
But with the help of everyone here, we have now the hottest economy
You know when I meet dictators, and presidents, and kings, and queens, and prime ministers, they all come into that beautiful Oval Office
So beautiful, right? So respected
And the first thing they almost always say, Sir, congratulations on your economy
We're trying to do the same thing
I said, You won't be able to do it
You won't
They won't be able to
Let them give it a shot
But they all say, Congratulations on the great job you've done with economy
But we've all done the great job
Not me
We've all done it
I've been your spokesman, and I've done a good job as spokesman
But they all say that
But we've done a good job in many ways
You know, all of the promises that I made, I'm the only politician in history that I've actually kept more promises than I made
Think of that
In other words, I made here, like a thing like Right to Try, nobody talked about Right to Try
We got Right to Try
That's somebody terminally ill, we have the greatest medicines in the world, the greatest doctors, the greatest labs in the world, nobody close, but it takes years to get it approved
And I got it approved so you can sign a document, get it
If you want to see the lives that we're saving, it's a beautiful thing
A beautiful thing is happening, Right to Try
Right to Try
But we've also created 7 million new jobs since the election
If I would have said that, the fake news would have gone crazy, they would have said that's impossible
These people would have gone crazy
They go crazy anyway, and I don't even say it
And right here in Pennsylvania, we've created 160, 000 brand new beautiful jobs, and you have companies moving in and moving back
And as I said, African American, Hispanic American, Asian American unemployment, the lowest ever in the history of our country, the lowest unemployment rates
Wages for low income workers have gone up more than 10%
Nobody thought that was possible
They're one of the biggest, in terms of a group, one of the biggest beneficiaries
This year, 40 million American families will benefit from the Republican Child Tax Credit, each receiving an average of $2,200
We ended the last administration's war on American energy, the United States is now, and I said it, and I'll say it all night long, number one producer of oil and natural gas in the world, and there's nobody even close
In the State of Pennsylvania, natural gas production is up 34% since our election, 34
Virtually every leading Democrat has pledged to entirely eliminate American production of oil, clean coal, natural gas
I don't think somebody coming into Pennsylvania, you know those new petrochemical plants, they don't like them at all
Thousands and thousands of jobs
Incredible
Millions of dollars in taxes
How about going to the State of Texas? We had one candidate who turned out not to be too good a candidate, right? Beto, Beto
Remember? So he wanted to get rid of religion, the Bible, he wanted to get rid of guns, and he wanted to get rid of oil
How about going to Texas and say, No Bible, no oil, think of this one, No Bible, no oil, no guns
I think you could be Abraham Lincoln and not win that particular race
And it wouldn't be much different in the State of Pennsylvania, that I can tell you
But you know, somebody that believes in that is Sleepy Joe Biden
He was caught telling a far left radical activist that he would shut down fossil fuel production in Pennsylvania
You saw that
But the voters of this Commonwealth will never, ever let that happen
Can you imagine a guy coming in, whether it's him or anybody else? They all want to do it
He just raises his hand, he has no clue what he's doing
They raise their hand
Remember he looked? Do you want to give illegal aliens healthcare, even though we're taking it away from our own soldiers that are up  and he looks and they're all raising their hand? Did you see that? Well, he, Oh, oh, oh, okay, I'll do it too
In addition to replacing NAFTA, I've taken the toughest ever action against China's trade abuses
They want to make a deal so badly
And we're doing well with the deal, but they want to make a deal
Please make a deal
We don't want to pay tariffs anymore
Please, please
Thanks to our steel tariffs, steel mills in Pennsylvania are roaring back to life
And U
S
Steel has just announced $1 billion investment in Mon Valley Works in Pittsburgh
You know that, right? $1 billion
They weren't investing, they were divesting
The steel companies, it's an amazing achievement
We tax all of the dumped steel, comes in from China and other places, 25%
 the dump steel comes in from China and other places
25%
All of it
All of a sudden our steel mills are doing again
We need steel
It's not like you could say, Gee, we'll get it from another country
We need that for defense
We need it for our ships, we need it for our planes
We need it
We can't play games with steel
After years of rebuilding other nations, we are finally rebuilding our nation
Very importantly, in everything we do, we are putting America first
Sorry
We gave up on the globalist folks
Let's build the world
Let's forget about our country
Let's just rebuild the world
Or no issue have the Democrat politicians more thoroughly betrayed the American people than on the issue of immigration
Far left politician I mean, they're fighting me on the wall, you have no idea
But we're building it and it's fine and we have the money coming in from the military
I've got it from here, from there, from there
Believe me, if I weren't a good developer, you could forget about that wall
I've got here, there, there
These people fought me and we've started winning in court
You know what? Speaking of court, we will soon have 182 federal judges, including Court of Appeals
Nobody can believe it
All because Barack Obama gave us 142 empty seats
When you're a president, they always say, I disagree
I think the most important thing we can do is defense, right? But beyond defense, they always say the most important thing you can do is judges and justices of the Supreme Court
We have two great ones
Great ones
But they always say, Judges and Supreme Court justices
When you leave office, I hope in 5 years, 9 years, 13 years, 17 years, 21 years, 25 years, 29 years
When I leave office Now I'm only doing that to drive them totally crazy
That drives them crazy
Even joking about it
We have this idiot comedian who stands up, he's talking to a guest, right? He said, You know he's going to win, don't you? You know it
The guy goes, No, no
We're going to fight
We're going to fight
And they will
No, no, no
You know he's going to win
Then he goes, You know he's going to win
And you know he's never leaving, don't you? He's never leaving
At first I thought he was kidding
He's a whack job
He is totally serious
He honestly believes that
I don't know, should we give it a shot? Maybe we'll give it a shot
I'm only kidding
I'm only kidding
Media, I'm only kidding
They won't write that, but that's okay
They won't write the, I'm only kidding part
But far left politicians support deadly sanctuary cities demonstrating their sneering contempt, scorned and disdained for everyday Americans
These jurisdictions deliberately release dangerous, violent, criminal aliens out of their jails and directly onto your streets, where they are free to offend, where they are free to kill, where they are free to rape, where they are free to beat up people except for ICE because ICE is much tougher than them
They don't beat up ICE
They don't beat up ICE
You're lucky we have ICE
They want to put ICE out of business
That's not happening
ICE is They're incredible people
They're great patriots and they're tough
Thanks to Democrat immigration policies, innocent Americans in all 50 states are being brutalized and murdered by illegal alien criminals
Last summer, at least 19 illegal aliens were charged in connection with grizzly homicides, including hacking victims to death and ripping out, in two cases, their hearts
Weeks ago, two illegal aliens and members of the savage gang, MS-13, who we are removing from our country by the thousands, were charged with relentlessly beating a wonderful, beautiful high school teenager to death with a baseball bat and chopping the body apart with a machete
One of the animals accused was previously released by local authorities in defiance of an ICE demand
ICE warned and said, You can't let them go
They wanted them
They would do anything for them
They wanted them to hand this animal over for deportation back to his country
Get them the hell out of our country, right? Democrats' sanctuary cities also give safe haven to those who commit violent sex crimes
Since Montgomery County, Maryland declared itself a sanctuary jurisdiction in July, we have already identified nine illegal aliens who have been arrested for rape, sexual assault, including a 26-year-old man charged with raping and viciously strangling a young, wonderful woman who was entering her apartment, innocently entering her apartment
She was raped and killed, strangled to death
Sanctuary city
Maryland
But these are only the cases we know about
Sanctuary cities and jails actively conceal illegal alien crime and criminals from federal government
Federal government wants to take them out, or in some cases, if it's real violence, and we don't want to pay for the cost, but we do, put them into very strong jails
The sanctuary city of Philadelphia
The sanctuary city in Philadelphia is one of the very worst sanctuaries anywhere in America
Did you know that? I mean, I know Philadelphia well
Going to school here, we never heard about sanctuary cities, did we? Weeks ago an illegal alien charged with rape, sexual assault of a child, and inflicting serious bodily injury was released by Philadelphia to wander free in your communities
By the way, you may have the worst district attorney or whatever the hell you call it
This guy, I've been hearing about this guy, he lets killers out almost immediately
What the hell? How did you let that happen? Instead of handing them over while still in jail, they defied ICE
They fought with ICE and set him loose upon an unsuspecting family
Thankfully, at great time and effort, our brave ICE officers were eventually able to track him down, arrest him, detain him, and do what has to be done
How do you elect Democrats when they create a sanctuary city of Philadelphia? I don't get it
Four MS-13 gang members were also arrested in Pennsylvania in connection with the brutal and sadistic murders of a 21-year-old and a 15-year-old
As we speak, a criminal illegal alien with three prior deportations is roaming free in Pennsylvania because he was released by the city of Philadelphia, the city of brotherly love
You better get yourself a new prosecutor in this place, I want to tell you
That's a horrible thing
No, it's a national story, how he wants everybody to not pay the price
You're talking about not paying the price for rape, for murder, for other horrible crimes
How stupid can you be? The charges against this alien include rape, aggravated indecent assault, unlawful contact with a minor, indecent exposure, and terroristic threats
Other than that, he was a very nice person
Philadelphia has defied ICE and released illegals charged with everything from assault, to kidnapping, to drug crimes, to sex crimes, to homicide murder
Democrats stand for crime, corruption, and chaos
Republicans stand for law and order, and we stand for justice
We stand for justice
We side with law enforcement and with law-abiding Americans, not ruthless gang members and not violent criminals, aliens that come into our country illegally
They take our payments
Payments
Some of these people with these crazy laws that you have
Look at what's going on in California
They do better than our great veterans
They do better than citizens of our country
And they advertise, We will take you
We will take care of you
We will pay for it
And then you wonder why we have so many people trying to come through at the borders
But we do a great job
We're removing these criminal illegal aliens from our country by the thousands
We're sending them home, and we're not letting them come back in
We're being very tough
Mexico is now giving us 27,000 soldiers at our border
And Guatemala, Honduras, and El Salvador, we signed a very important agreement with each
When their people come into our country, they weren't taking them back
Now they take them back and they say, Thank you very much
They weren't taking them back
If we had a murderer from Honduras, Guatemala, El Salvador, we want to bring them back under past administrations
They bring them and they say, We don't want them
Don't land
You're playing with us
They say, Thank you very much
We will take them back
Because we've let them know the price is very bad if they don't do that
Thanks to our tireless efforts to secure the border, illegal crossings are down 75% since May and the wall is going up at a very rapid pace
The radical Democrats have gotten more and more extreme
That's why they did this impeachment hoax, because Nancy Pelosi had absolutely no control
She knew what was going to happen
She knew
The radical left has taken over the Democrat party
Democrats are pushing for a socialist takeover of healthcare that would strip you of the doctor and coverage of your choice
We have 180 million people with private healthcare that love it
They're going to take it away from you
I don't think so
Crazy Elizabeth Warren, or as I affectionately call her, Pocahontas, her ridiculous plan would cost $52 trillion
That's more money than we take in in one year, two years, three years, four years, five years, six years, about seven years
That's for one year
$52 trillion
And you don't have your doctor
I mean, the whole Well, she's starting to crash again
I thought I knocked her down
I did that heavy, heavy Pocahontas deal
I give her credit
I thought she was left for I mean, there were just little embers, and then she rose
She rose, then she became strong
But then she opened that fresh mouth of hers and it stopped
It stopped
I don't see her as a threat
I don't think she makes it
I mean, you don't know
Crazy things are happening in the Democrat party
It used to be a sane party
Now it's an insane party
So you don't know
But they're all looking at the same thing
I mean, you have Alfred E
Neuman who's running, who's this guy
This guy Buttigieg
Buttigieg
Can you believe he's doing well? He's like the leading fundraiser
I dream about him
It's true
No, Buttigieg
But I'm not going too far with any of these people because I thought I was way too early with Elizabeth Warren
We destroyed her too fast
So she came back
But she's going back down again
Did anybody see her beer deal where she said, Darling
Did you ever see that deal? Darling
It's about her husband
Darling, it's great to see you
What are you doing here? It's like, That's her husband, he's supposed to be living in the house
You're here
I don't think she's seen him in 10 years
Hey, I have an idea
Can I get a beer? Let's get a beer
She wants to be one of the group
Hey, let's get a beer
Did you ever see such a phony, disgusting deal? Republicans will defend your sacred right to choose the doctor, and you can choose your plan, and you choose the plan that's right for you
We will strongly protect patients with preexisting conditions
We will also protect your right to get the physician that you want
Virtually every top Democrat also now supports late-term abortion, ripping babies straight from the mother's womb, right up until the moment of birth
This character in Virginia
Did you see the Virginia governor? I mean, he gave a whole expose
The baby is born, and then basically, they start talking to the mother
The baby is born
And there's no other word
If the mother decides no, then they execute the baby
Okay? He's the governor of Virginia and why the Republicans aren't going to win Virginia this next election, 2020
I'll tell you what, we're going to give it a very strong shot
When you have people like that, we're going to give it a very strong shot
But that's why I've asked Congress to prohibit extreme late-term abortion
Because Republicans believe that every child is a sacred gift from God
Democrats are now the party of high taxes, high crime, open borders, late-term abortion, socialism, and blatant corruption
The Republican party is the party of the American worker, the American family, the American dream, and the party of honest Abe Lincoln
Party of Abe Lincoln
I told you about judges
I'm telling you about so many other things
There's nobody that's ever done what we're doing
You look at school choice for every child in America who needs it, including the 50,000 Pennsylvania students who your Democrat governor has blocked from getting school choice scholarships
No scholarships available
What's that all about? How did that happen? I withdrew from the horrible, one-sided Iran nuclear deal, a disaster
I recognize Israel's true capital and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem
For years you watched as your politicians apologized for America
Now you have a president who is standing up for America, and we are standing up for the people of Pennsylvania
You've never had that better year
Never At stake in our present battle is the survival of the American nation itself
It's the survival
We will destroy our country if these people get in
I say we've done so much in the first three years, will soon be four years
All of a sudden the time will be up
But it's like when you plant a tree, it needs time to grab on
It needs time to let it It's got to grab
That's what we need
We need time
And we have other things we're going to do that are incredible
We still have tremendous regulation cutting that we can do
We've cut more regulations than any president in the history of our country
We did it in less than two and a half years
Two and a half years
We did it in less than two and a half years
Some had eight years, one had more than eight years
More regulation
And we have regulation, and you need some regulation, but you don't need regulation that doesn't allow you to build a simple road or highway
So what we've done has been incredible
That's one of the reasons our job numbers are so good
If you want your children to inherit the birthright of American Liberty that generations of Americans have fought and died for to secure, then we must devote everything we have toward victory in 2020, and we have to get rid of the Democrats in the House of Representatives
They are stone cold crazy
Only this way can we save the America we love and clean up Washington corruption once and for all
With your help, we will lift millions more of our citizens from welfare to work, dependence to independence, and poverty to prosperity
We have tremendous prosperity going on in our country, and the people in this room are I mean, you know what's happening
You know what's happening with your families
You know what's happening with your jobs
You've never had a time like this
They always say, Are you better off now than you were four years ago? I mean, who is better off now? Everybody, I think
Everybody
But together, we will elect a Republican Congress to create a fair, safe, sane, and lawful system of immigration
We will enact trade deals that result in more products proudly stamped with that beautiful phrase, Made in the USA
We just finished a deal with South Korea, a great new trade deal
We just finished a $40 billion deal with Japan
We're in the process of getting our deal done
Let's see what happens
They want to make it more than I do with because we're taking in a lot of money
We haven't taken in money from China ever, and it's coming in now by the billions
When they target our farmer, I give our farmers that money that they've been targeted and our farmers are thrilled
We have a lot leftover, but we will achieve new breakthroughs in science and medicine, finding new cures for childhood cancer, and ending the AIDS epidemic in America
We'll have that done within 10 years
It could have started
That could have started earlier than the beginning of our administration
We'll have that done in less than 10 years
Think of that
The AIDS epidemic will have ended in America within less than 10 years
We will defend privacy, free speech, religious liberty, and the right to keep and bear arms
Above all, we will never stop fighting for the sacred values that bind us together as one America, one great country
One America
We support, protect, and defend the Constitution of the United States
We stand with the incredible heroes of law enforcement
We believe in the dignity of work and the sanctity of life
We believe that faith and family, not government and bureaucracy are the true American way
We believe that children should be taught to love our country, honor our history, and always respect our great American flag
And we live by the words of our national motto, In God we trust
We stand on the shoulders of generations of Pennsylvania patriots who gave their blood, sweat, and tears for this beloved nation
Pennsylvania's the place where our founding fathers declared American independence, where the army weathered its brutal winter at Valley Forge, and where General George Washington led his men across the Delaware on Christmas night
They used the password
You know what the password was? Victory or death
Victory or death
How incredible is that? Victory or death
Pennsylvania is the state that gave us self-made titans of American industry, from Andrew Carnegie to Milton Hershey
I love Hershey
I love Hershey
And Henry J
Heinz
Pennsylvania is the place where strong American workers mine the coal, work the railroads, and forge the steel that made America into the greatest and most powerful nation in the history of the world, and we are making it even greater every single day
It's greater than ever before
And proud citizens like you helped build this country, and together we are taking back our country
We are returning power to you, the American people
They are trying to take your power away
It will never ever happen
With your help, and with your devotion, and your drive we are going to keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting, and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning
We are going to keep on winning
We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God
America is thriving like never before
Ladies and gentlemen of Pennsylvania, the best is yet to come
Because together we will make America wealthy again, we will make America strong again, we will make America proud again, we will make America safe again, and we will make America great again
Thank you, Pennsylvania
Thank you

Well, thank you very much
And hello Las Vegas
Great to be with you
They have a big election tomorrow
We've already won the state
We've already won
I like ours better
We just take it
Just take it
We've won it
I like it that better
You know they say they're going to have a lot of problems tomorrow
I hate to tell you this
I don't know
Have you heard? I hear their computers are all messed up
Just like they were in Iowa
They're not going to be able to count their vote
They're going to tell you about healthcare
They're going to tell you about our military and the jet fighters and the missiles and rockets, but they can't count votes
They just can't count them
They can't count votes, but they're saying they may not be able to do it again
They're still trying to tell us
I called up yesterday, how are they doing in Iowa? Was that two weeks ago? They say we're getting close
They're not getting close, they'll never know
They'll never know, but I hear the same thing could happen tomorrow
I hope it doesn't, actually
I hope it doesn't, but I'm delighted to be back in a state I love
I have a beautiful building right down the road
With the proud, hardworking patriots of Nevada
You're going to say Nevada
You say that wrong, you got problems
You say Nevada, they go, what the hell? Got to be Nevada
With your help this November, we're going to defeat the radical socialist Democrats and we are going to win Nevada in a big beautiful landslide
Now, we have some special people here, you know the special very special people
And we celebrate one of the greatest moments in the history of sports
Some people say it was the single greatest moment in the history of sports
It was called the miracle on ice
Do you remember that? That was when the Russians had a team assembled
That was probably, they say maybe the greatest team ever assembled
They were unbelievable
And our guys played a practice game with them was it a couple of weeks before, and I hate to tell you the score was 10 to 3, and the USA was not on top, and this team was an incredible team and they went in and it was amazing, but tomorrow marks the 40 years since the United States men's hockey team defeated then Soviet Union team in the 1980 Olympics
Incredible
That was incredible
Most of you remember that
I'm looking
We've got a lot of young ones, but we've got a lot of people that remember that
A lot of people
And by the way, we got the Olympics coming back or coming to Los Angeles
Thank you
Thank you President Trump
Thank you President Trump
Thank you very much
Thank you President Trump
Eight years
Eight years, 2028 you know what? Unless I'm still president then, which is a distinct possibility, I won't be here, and you know what they'll do? I'll say, how's the Olympics going? Does anybody have a ticket for the president that got the Olympics to come here? They'll say, I want to thank and they'll thank hundreds of people, but they won't thank you president that I'm the one that pulled it off
But that's okay
2028 Olympics is coming to Los Angeles
It's going to be great
And we worked with the mayor of Los Angeles
He was great
He called up and we gave him a lot of help
I was president elect then because the president didn't want to get involved
He didn't want to get involved in getting the Olympics, so they called me and I was president elect, hadn't taken office
Then I got involved and I'll tell you, they were happy we got involved
It was great
It's going to be very exciting today
We are thrilled to have with us 14 players of that really incredible gold medal team
Give him a big hand
And they were amazed
They said, boy is a big crowd
I said, it's only because you guys are coming
This day was supposed to be for this evening
And I said, let me get back to Washington, do it early
So we gave you almost no notice
You have thousands of people outside, thousands of people inside
You had to see, we were in Iowa we were in New Hampshire
You saw what happened in Colorado last
That was unbelievable
Every place we go it's the same
It's been incredible
I don't know if you saw the pictures last night of the outside in Colorado
It was incredible
It was
You could have filled that arena up four times and it was a big arena, and it's something
So I hated to do it to you at 12 o'clock but I said, let's go
I want to get back
We got to deal with China
We got to deal with Russia
We got to deal with North Korea, South Korea
We got to deal with the rest of the world
Get my people back
We got to get the hell out of here, right? But we have a lot of time
I'd like now to invite these incredible sport legends to join me on stage
A friend of mine and a very good golfer, by the way, Captain Mike he rode a bike
Mike
Where's Mike? Where is he? Mike
Do you know who he is? He's a fake handicap is what he is
Say something Mike
Just welcome everybody to ironic we happen to be here to celebrate our 40th anniversary, the Vegas Knights flew the whole team out to honor us tonight and for the weekend and we obviously thank the people of Las Vegas for having us here and we're looking forward to celebrating a special time, and it's a great honor for the president to invite us to be part of this event as well
So Vegas, thanks for having us
But just tell them, am I a good athlete and am I a good golfer? Thanks Mike
That was some goaltending right? How many did you rebuff? I mean, but how many did Jim have? Many did
Very few
But a lot of shots, right? He was like a pinata
So Mike, that was great
Goaltender Jim Craig
So Jim rebuffed come here, Jim
Great goaltender, great goaltender
They didn't know what was happening
They kept shooting
He doesn't know how many you rebuffed
How many did you rebuff? 37
So let me ask you, was that as goaltender, because that was incredible
Was that the greatest game you ever played? You've had a lot of great games
But was that the greatest game you've ever played? It was slightly important
37
37
Bill Baker
Bill, come up
Bill Baker
Dave Christian, Ken Morrow, Jack O'Callahan, Mike Ramsey
Those legs took a beating
Mark Wells, Neil Brotton, John Harrington, Rob McClanahan, Buzz Schneider, Dave Silk, Phil Verchota, and a great coach and assistant coach at the time, Craig Patrick
They said four more years, 12 more years left for them
Look at that
Look at the press
Hey Mike, look at the fake news back there
It's a lot
I always say that's like the Academy Awards used to be
This year, we had a movie, they said best movie, they announced the movie from South Korea
I said, what's that all about? The movie was made in South Korea
Look, I get along great with South Korea, but you know, I never saw that one before
They used to go best foreign movie, but now we do it that way
I don't get it, but that's what it used to be and this is really an incredible time
I'll tell you what, for our country, that's why I like to see things that we do get honored because nobody is doing what we do
Nobody can do it like us
We're the greatest country in the world again
We have the greatest people
We have the greatest military by far
We've totally rebuilt our military
Jobs are booming, incomes are surging, poverty is plummeting
Factories are returning confidence is soaring, like these guys, the confidence is soaring, but you know, we do have somebody that I'd like to point out because this team is, they had a coach, and that coach was a very inspirational coach, would you say Mike? And I'd like to have maybe one of you come up and just say a few words about Coach Brooks because he was very, very, he was really a big, he was a big heart on this team
Please
Say something
So tell me one thing, one thing
So I see those tears
That means you think, you miss him and you love him
Right? Was he actually a nice guy? Because he looked tough
Mike was just saying he was brutal, but he was a good guy, right? Tough but great
Thank you very much
Thanks Kelly
Thank you all
Greatest sports story could be number one
So a lot of people, a lot of these sports experts, sports writers have voted that as the single greatest sporting event or athletic achievement
I think so, yeah? They put it number one, certainly top five
In the history of our country, we have a lot of things that we've done to break records
We're going to go over them, but we've broken a lot of records now, but I want to thank that great team for being with us
Very inspirational
This is a big day
The anniversary
Thank you fellas
Thank you
In my state of the union address, I proudly declare that we are in the midst of the great American comeback and we're just getting started
After three years of ridiculous witch hunts and partisan Democrat crusades
By the way, I think they're starting another one
Did you see that? I see these phoneys
These are the do nothing Democrats
They said today that Putin wants to be sure that Trump gets elected
Here we go again
Here we go again
Did you see it? A story
Aren't people bored? Now, does that include because a couple of weeks ago, crooked Hillary said Chelsea Gabbard, right
Tulsi Gabbard and right? She was a Russian agent
Tulsi and also Stein from Jill Stein
I don't know Jill Stein
I never met the woman
She is a Green Party candidate or was they said she's an agent of Russia
I don't know her and I don't know Tulsi
The only thing I know about both of them is they're not agent
They are not agents of Russia
These people are sick
That's pencil neck, pencil neck again
Little pencil
No, I just see it again
I was told that was happening
I was told a week ago
They said they're trying to start a rumor
It's disinformation
That's the only thing they're good at
They're not good at anything else
They get nothing done
Do nothing Democrats
That Putin wants to make sure get elected
Listen to this
So doesn't he want to see who the Democrat's going to be? Wouldn't you rather have, let's say Bernie? Wouldn't he rather that Bernie who honeymooned in Moscow? Wouldn't that be? These people are crazy
That's all they think about
They don't think about the country
They don't think about jobs
They don't think about lowering your drug costs
Infrastructure
These people are crazy
Trust me, I like what we're doing and I love this country
I love this country
Now, and I campaigned on it, at the same time we want to get along with Russia, we want to get along with China, we want to get along with all these countries
Who the hell needs to have conflict? But these people are sick, they are sick people
The radical left's attempts to poison our democracy and overturn the last election have totally ended in a big fat failure
And by the way, you saw today, single best day I've ever had is the polls and any poll that the fake news gives you, because the real numbers are higher, but any poll they give you as a fake
But Wisconsin, the great state of Wisconsin, I was leading by many, many, many points against every one of these characters
Can you believe it? We got a new one
Mini Mike
How did he do in the debate the other day? Mini Mike
Here's a box Mike
Here Mike
Mini Mike
He was a beauty
What happened huh? He couldn't breathe
What happened? Mike would like to know how about that Pocahontas screaming at him
She forgot
She forgot that she lied about her own heritage
She said she was an Indian because she had high cheekbones
That was the only thing
Remember what I said, I have more Indian blood in me than she has and I have none
Right? I have none
To the best of my knowledge, wouldn't mind having some, but I happen to have none
And she choked and she went out and got a report done
One, 1 thousandth and 24 you know what that means? That means probably I do have more
Now why did he bring that up when she was screaming at him? Why? Because he was gasping for breath
I can't breathe
I can't breathe
She's hitting me too hard
Pocahontas
Well, she won that debate cause Mike could not respond
That's what they all said
They all said that
That's funny
I won, they're all shouting
It's not me that's saying it
Fake news
You fake news people
No, they all said it though
Who won the debate? Trump
You know what? The way I look at it, when fake news CNN oops, there goes the camera off
Red light just went off
See, I can tell every one of them
I know them by heart
I know the operators
I know the camera men
They're okay
They're all on our side by the way
They're screamed at
Get that camera off
I don't want to do that
Get that camera off, or it's going to be you job
All right, I'm sorry
Precedent
But how bout MSDNC? They're worse than CNN
And they're owned by people that really are bad
I think they're very bad for our country
The owners of Comcast, rotten company, bad for our country, very bad
They try, they have all these PR things to try and keep their image nice and clean
What they do on television is so disgusting
I think in the old days you had to have licenses for this stuff, right? They can say whatever they want to say
Let's see what happens over the next period of time
Bunch of dishonest people
Comcast, terrible company
Terrible people running that company
And you know what, I had Celebrity Apprentice, I had the Apprentice on for 14 seasons, 14 seasons, and they used to come to my office and they would kiss my ass
Please sign
Please
Please sign
It's an interesting story
They came and we signed, you know who signed me, Jeff Zucker
It's one of the only things he's done good in broadcasting, but I signed and NBC, as you know, is owned by Comcast, but I signed and they figured the show would be a total failure
So they only signed me for one season
You know I was going to have it
It was go on and then the show goes, started at ten went to eight, went to seven, went to five, went to four, went to two
It went to one
I had the number one show in all of television
Number one
It was a phenomenal and the final episode, remember that? With the, you remember that? Do you remember the final? We had, I don't know, it was one of the biggest shows of the year
It was a tremendous success there
But here I was, I signed with NBC and they didn't even want to waste the ink on an option
Usually they have an option for not, you know, just like they didn't do it
You stupid people
So they paid me very little for the first season I think $25,000 a show, which is considered not good
That's okay
It was fun
I didn't know it was going to be success, you know? Hey, just like this was successful
It's a recent
Because when I left and Arnold Schwarzenegger and I like Arnold said some very nice things, so I'm not, but the show did not exactly succeed when I left, but I had it on and they wanted me to sign for more and I said, no, I'm going to run for president but I'll never forget
I looked at, I didn't know anything about this business and I had an agent, wonderful guy from William Morris, and he said, sir, I don't want you to sign
No business show has ever done well on network television
Well, it's not business, it's entertainment, celebrity
Sir, I don't want you to sign
Sir, don't sign
I said, yeah, okay
But I have a problem
I shook the hand of somebody I have to
And Mark Burnett was great
He was my guy and but we shook hands
So I have to, but I agreed, you know, I didn't know that no business or no business type show had ever succeeded on a network television
So he said, I don't want you to sign sir, break it
I said, I can't break it
Can't break it
Anyway, so the show I said started at ten, went to nine, went to became, it was the number one show all of a sudden, and the agent called me up and he said, sir, I remember it was six in the morning
I was in bed
He said, sir, the show just went to number one
I'd love to see you because I think I'm entitled to more money
I said, you didn't want me to do the show
Well, not really
I mean, I was okay
He said, I'd really like more money
I said, Jim, I like you very much, Jim, you're fired
Get out
Anyway, I had 14 great seasons over about 11 years because it was so successful, they kept They would have run it
Remember when they did the three hours, the whole night was the Apprentice
I said, wait a minute
Gone With the Wind, to mention the movie a second time, Gone With the Wind is shorter
They had the Apprentice on for three hours
I said even I think it's too long
You can't put it up for three
You got leave a little bit like I want to come back next week
But they had it on for three weeks
We did fantastically with it
Comcast did great
NBC did great
They wanted me to sign for another three years
I said, no, I'm going to for president
And that was actually the time when I knew I was going to run
Because you know how they were paying a lot of money and whether you're rich or not, it's still a lot of money
I don't care how rich you are
It's a lot
Millions and millions of dollars
And I said no, I'm going to run for president
And I did that
But from the day I ran, they went from being, you know one But from the day I ran, they went from being wonderful, they were nice
They were nice
I guess if I didn't do well with the show they wouldn't have been nice because they weren't nice to other people that failed
People that didn't have good ratings, that business is a very simple business
If you have good ratings, you can treat them like garbage
If you have bad ratings, you can say, Sir, I really respect you so much
Get out of here
Get him out of my yard
They're very ruthless people
But Comcast is a rotten company
They forgot totally
And they are worse than CNN
I will tell you that right now
Comcast is worse than CNN
We should call it Comcast, because that's their beautiful maiden name, Comcast
They're worse than CNN
I'll, tell you something about CNN
Jake Tapper, today he put out Now I know you don't like him
I know
Who likes him? Who the hell can like him? I think his wife likes him
Actually
I really believe she does
But let me just tell you, he put out a couple of social media posts today, because I never call it tweet, I call it social media because it's much bigger than tweet
What we have, Dan Scavino
The great Dan Scavino
We have won five sites
We're number one on Twitter, we're number one on Facebook, and the whole world
The whole world
So it's powerful
But Jake Tapper put out some things, basically saying, I believe it, that's the way I read it, that the new Russian thing that started yesterday, that Putin wants to be sure that Trump, which give me a break
Give me a break
But Jake Tapper said it ain't so, and if he did say that because they were a little complex, they can turn them around, or when Zucker sees him and said, Why did you put that? I want that deleted and I want you to do a different one
But he did say that
So I respect that because it's another hoax story
But we're standing up for the defense of our constitution, for our freedom, and democracy itself
You know that
I got to get that
Hey, Bobby? Bobby? See that guy? I love that shirt
Bobby, I don't know
He looks like a nice guy
Can you please walk him up, even if you have about five
Come here, come here
Come here
Come here
You got to see this shirt
You got to see this shirt
I love it
I've got to order me one that I can ride around
Come on
Come on up here
He looks safe
He doesn't look like he's going to start a fist fight
He's a good fan, I guess
You got to see this shirt
I love it
Is there any place that's more fun than a Trump rally? Right? How many rallies have you been to? 80? 80? 80
He said 80 rallies
Come up here
Come on
Come on
Come on
Look at these two guys
These guys are serious
These are serious fans, right? Are you with him? Are you with him? Are you with him? You're with him? Come on
Come up here
Man
And look at this guy Come on
Thank you, fellas
Wow
I just said, How long have you two been together? I figured they'd say, We're married
He met her at the rally in Colorado
Can you believe this? Can you believe it? Man, did he get lucky
They both got lucky, right? They both got lucky
Well, that's cool
No, I just see there's so much stuff out here
It's genius, actually
While the extreme left has been wasting America's time with viral hoaxes, we've been killing terrorists, creating jobs, raising wages, enacting fair trade deals, securing our border, lifting up citizens of every race, color, religion, and creed
As you heard, we added another 225,000 new jobs last month alone
Way above anticipated schedule
And that makes 7 million new jobs since the election
The number was supposed to be under 2 million and we added 7 million
And remember, if I give you wrong numbers, the fake news is going to have headlines
Trump gave you wrong I mean, it's very tough
I've got to be very careful
Even if I give you wrong in the wrong way, they'll say it was wrong
I said, Yeah, but it was wrong in the low way
No, that's no good either
Got to be very precise with these characters
The Democrats don't have to be, but we have to be
We've destroyed he ISIS territorial caliphate 100%, we killed the founder and leader of ISIS
Al Baghdadi is dead
Al Baghdadi is dead
17 years
They looked for him
17 years
Al-Baghdadi
One of the first things I did when I came in
He's the founder of ISIS and when I came in three years ago, ISIS was all over the place
And I said, You got to knock it out
We knocked it out of Syria, and, Iraq and other places
We really knocked at 100%
Remember I wanted to leave
I said, All right
We were at 96%, then 98, then 99%
I said, Let some of these other countries do it
Wouldn't you say, right? So what happened is I wanted to leave and they said, No, no, no, we want 100%
So we wait and stayed
We got 100%, then we moved them all out of Syria, except we did keep the oil
You noticed that, right? We kept the oil
Sorry
They said, He left soldiers in Syria
Yeah, I did to keep the oil, if you don't mind
Which is what we should have done in Iraq too, by the way
I would have done that
I'm making a lot of money with all that oil
But you remember that whole thing, that whole I said, You got to find Al Baghdadi
I've been saying that actually for two years
I had a lot of other things to do the first year, like fight off the Democrats
These crazy Democrats with their hoaxes
Think of it
If they use their genius, because they are genius at that stuff, right? They're really good
They can take nothing
They can take a perfect phone call made to the Ukrainian president who said very specifically there was no pressure
He doesn't even know what's going on and they can take this perfect call
Thank goodness I had a transcriber
Do you agree with it? Because the fake whistleblower said that the call was totally different than what the call was
So when I released the call, when I released the transcripts, they died
They said, Oh we got a problem
They never thought I was going to do it, but I had no choice
I had to because I had to show they're liars
But think of it, they can take something like that, a perfect phone call, or they'll take just out of thin air they can make something up
And they ended up today, front page, New York Times
They used to call it the eighth column
That's the big column on the right
I don't know
The papers become so small
I don't know if they have an eighth column anymore
They used to have the eighth column, was a big deal, right? That was the big deal
Today it's too narrow
Think they're probably After I'm gone, they won't have any columns
That's why eventually they're going to support me
Eventually, the Times and the Washington post, which will be dead as a doornail after I leave, and the CNN, it'll be an obsolete business, the cable business
MSDNC will be out of business
You know, cable was supposed to be obsolete and now they're doing the highest numbers they've ever done
If an airplane goes down with 700 people, they don't cover it
If it's not Trump related, they don't cover it
It's got to be Trump or Trump related
So if a plane goes down and it's total devastation, if the ship goes down, if the Titanic- If the Titanic equivalent went down, they wouldn't cover it unless I was on the sucker
It's true
They wouldn't cover it
The fake news would not cover the equivalent of the Titanic
But you know what they're going to do before the election? They're going to say, We want to just say something
We're going to endorse the president
You know why? Because they'll be out of business
Can you imagine if they had to cover mini Mike? Who I don't think, I think he's gone, but you know what? He'll spend another 500 million
Don't forget I spent 70 and I won, of my money
In other words, they said, and this was in the New York Times, I said the other night in Colorado
I spent 70, mini Mike so far has spent almost $500 million dollars in order to get embarrassed by Pocahontas
Pocahontas
And she's mean, isn't she? Did you see that? Do you see the anger on her face? That nervous energy
She's jumping up and down
She's a mess
But no, no, she's mean
Right? Right? That face is just You want to get him? She said, I got him
I want to see those agreements
I, You open up those agreements
This poor guy probably signed a hundred of them and each one's a disaster
He said, I don't want to open those agreements
Nobody told me this was going to happen
Said, Actually, sir
Nobody told me
Get me out of here
After the debate, he went backstage, fired a lot of people
He said, How the hell did you get me into this thing? But Pocahontas was really mean, but she's going to be easy
I hope it's her
It's not going to be her
Can't be, I don't think
Alfred E
Neuman, ladies and gentlemen, introducing president Alfred E
Neuman
Nobody knows because you're all too young
Nobody knows who Alfred it's Mad Magazine
They all said No
Howdy Doody
See nobody knows who Alfred E
Neuman is
Only the real aficionados
They're the ones and they love it
But that's only 15% of the crowd, right? Am I right? Better than Howdy Doody
Howdy Doody
And that's what happens when you can't get the words out
No it does
That's what happens, right? When you can't get the words out, you get angry
You get angry because you can't get the words
That might happen to me someday
Can you imagine if that happened to me? Man, would I be a bad guy
I'd be the meanest man in history
No, but Biden is very angry
He gets angrier, and angrier, and angrier
He's changed
And then you have the Tom
Yeah
He said Tom Steyer
Tom said,  Mister impeachment
How did that work out, Tom? Thank you very much for the great poll numbers between him and nervous dancing
How did that work out? This schmuck spends $250 million dollars, he ends up with one third of a percent in Iowa
But maybe that could be Rick, because they still don't have any idea what he got
Maybe he won Iowa, they took it away from him
No, but he was substantially below it
All I know, it said 1% and an arrow left
So he spends 250 million, Tom Steyer
Never heard of this guy
Who is he? Where did he get his money? Who is he? He was in the coal business, did you know that? This guy, this phony is a big environmentalist
He made his money, a lot of it, in the coal business
Nobody knows that, but he's a fake
Remember when he walked up to Bernie the other day
Hi Bernie
Hi
Oh, and he was having a fight with Pocahontas, right? Is this the greatest? Mark Burnett said, This is the greatest reality show in history
He said, You can take The Apprentice, and you can take Survivor, and you can take every other reality show ever made, multiply it times 10,000, and you still don't have what we have
And even the CAS
He did say this
You got the perfect president
You got the perfect first lady
How about the first lady? You got the perfect kids
The kids, though
Those beautiful kids
My beautiful kids
They had such a great life, before I did this
Sorry, kids
Sorry
My beautiful Ivanka
She had such a great life
She Had a company that was selling shoes and everything you could sell
She'd just put her name on it and she said, Daddy, does it matter? I want to come to Washington and help people get jobs
Right? Ain't that true? And she left the company
And when you leave a company, all of a sudden it doesn't do as well
I wouldn't say that I exactly helped talking about the wall and other things, but she left the company, came to Washington and she said 500,000 jobs
That was her goal
And she did that in the first month
She actually did
She's gotten these great companies like Walmart, and many others, Exxon, she's gotten them to take millions of people
She's now over 15 million jobs where they train people and bring them into the companies
It's incredible
15 million
And she's smart
She got it figured out, but most people can't, but she does
But all they do is give them heat
They work so hard
And could you imagine you take Biden's son
Can you imagine? But you know what? We don't do any of that stuff
We don't do that stuff
We don't do it
The kid got $3 million dollars, 83,000 a month and he didn't have a job until his father became vice president
And speaking of vice presidents and speaking also of reality television, because it's the greatest show of all time, right? Look at us
Look
We told you, what, last night? Little change here, folks
We're going to move it up from eight o'clock in the evening until 12 o'clock in the afternoon
Little change
Just a minor change
Because I have to get back to Washington to work
I feel guilty
This is too much fun
But speaking to vice presidents and speaking of perfect vice presidents, if you become president, the first thing you have to do is choose a really horrible, horrible vice president
So if the idiots ever want to impeach you, they have to say, I can't impeach him
Look who we have
I have the perfect vice president
I have the greatest in the world
I have the greatest vice president
I don't know
I got the great ones
I said, I can't do that
I picked a great guy
He's done a fantastic job
He's been a great vice president
But it is true
I could have picked, I'll give you names, but don't want to do that because I don't want to hurt anyone's feelings
But there are plenty of them out there
They're mostly out there and I don't want to do that
But Mike Pence has been great
But tell me, is it perfect casting the whole thing? And this isn't about casting, this is about real life
But when Mark Burnett said to me the other day, he said, The greatest reality show of all times, times of million
That's exactly except for one thing, we work our asses off and we are doing things like nobody has ever done before
Right? Right? So, we took out Al Baghdadi and then we just took out two weeks ago the world's top terrorist, Qasem Soleimani of Iran, ending his evil reign of terror forever
He's the father of the roadside bomb
When you see our beautiful people walking around with no legs, they're walking, and trying to walk so hard, and they're really in rough shape he's the father of the he loved the roadside bomb
He thought it was a great thing
Where is he now? Soleimani
And I'll tell you what, you know who's happy about it? The people of Iran are happy and even the leaders of Iran, because the leaders of Iran were afraid of him
Okay? And the fact is, America is respected again
We're winning
We're winning all over
We're winning in Washington that Democrats keep losing their minds
That is why millions of registered Democrat voters are leaving their party to join our movement
Look, we're a unified party
The Republican party has never been unified like it is today
I'll show you
I could say, We're going to go over to the Hill
No, we're going to go over to someplace and we're going to do a rally at eight o'clock tonight
We'd have tens of thousands of people there
There's never been this
Ronald Reagan was great
I thought he was a great guy, great president, didn't like his policy on trade
That's okay
Trade
But if he came to Las Vegas, you know they'd have a ballroom, and they'd have 500, maybe a thousand people
What we're doing And this isn't even, I must say this, I don't want to tell you this, this is not election season
Because we're nine months away
Election season is when you're two months away
We're not even in election season and we have more enthusiasm now
Believe it or not, then we had even before the election in 2016
It's true
It's too early
It's too early
It's true
We have a great gentleman and a woman with us, a friend of mine, mister and misses Sheldon Adelson, right over here
Great, great person
Two great people
He's got so much money, he doesn't know what the hell to do with it
He owns the Sands Hotel
That's like one of the smaller businesses
Sheldon, that's like your small business, right? He is a great guy
She's an incredible, she's a doctor, and she studies addiction, and drugs, drug addiction, all sorts of addictions
And she knows more about that subject, I think, than anybody, and she works hard and she doesn't need it
He does not need the money that she brings in
Okay? He also happens on the paper
He owns the paper
You own the paper in town, right? They wanted like a couple of hundred million dollars too much
You said, Give it to them
It's peanuts
What the hell difference does it make? We want to thank the Adelsons
They've been incredible fans and they love Israel
They love Israel
I just saw him sitting there
I didn't know they were here
I just see him sitting there
He's something
The chairman of the Nevada Republican party, who's really been great
He's been with me for a long time and he's a very committed man
Make America great again
Oh, oh, oh
Let's do a poll quick
Just quick
I'll never get rid of MAGA because I'm superstitious
But we just hit an all time high with the stock market
Our military is rebuilt
You just got the greatest tax cuts in history, the greatest rate, regulation cuts, and all this stuff
So, let me ask you this
So, Make America great again, it sort of doesn't work quite as well
So now we have keep America great and we have the new hat
It's higher, stiff
It's like a billboard, right? I call it the billboard
It's a billboard
So let's go just that
Because I am very surprised by it
We're going to keep them both, but I just curious if we did go to one, Make America great again?  Keep America great? I can't
I would have said that's impossible
Make America great again, is the greatest phrase
A lot of people, again, fake news, I think will agree to it
It's the greatest phrase ever used in politics
It's the greatest phrase
Now, who has the greatest phrase ever used in the history of politics and say, Oh, let's go with a new phrase
Right? But we're going to keep it
So we have to keep MAGA
But now we have CAG, now we have CAG
So we have a both
I just don't have the courage to get rid of the one
It would be too disrespectful
Too disrespectful
But Michael McDonald, I want to thank you and the members of the Nevada Republican central committee
You're all here
They're great people
And the man came here
He loves us
He's been with us
Rick Harrison of the world famous gold and silver pawn shop
Rick Harrison
You better win, Michael
Otherwise, that's the last time I'm introducing you like that
I hear we're up
I hear we're doing nicely
I hear we're doing great
And by the way, the union, I have a lot of respect for that union
Last time, I had a strike in my building during the election
It's the only reason we would have won this state
Brilliantly to save three cents
I could have settled the strike before the election
I wanted to save $2 total
And he wasn't too good
He didn't do too good
But we almost won this state despite I had a big strike
Had thousands and thousands of union guys
They had it, look, they wanted, wanted to show us
But I think that the unions are really with us and the unions have been with us
They're Teamsters, so many of the unions
Because I'm for the working man and woman, whether you're union or non-union
Some States are all union, some states are no union
But we get them all
And I think we're going to have tremendous success
And a lot of the Democrats are going to ruin the healthcare programs that these unions have
The unions have worked hard on healthcare and they're going to ruin them
They're going to take away Well, we're going to you can lose 180 million people off of great private healthcare
So we'll see what happens
But a lot of the Democrats want to do that
They think it's wonderful
But together we're building the world's most prosperous economy and the most inclusive society
That's true
Since my election, over 125- That's true
Since my election, over 125,000 new jobs have been created right here in Nevada, including over 40,000 new Nevada manufacturing and construction jobs
A 30% increase
The national unemployment rate is the lowest in over half a century, and soon we're going to have that be a historic number like so many of the others
The average unemployment rate for my administration, this is the coolest of them all, is the lowest for any United States president in recorded history
That's pretty good
When I'm in a debate, they're saying, we're going to do this
I say, listen, we have the best unemployment numbers in the history of our country
African American unemployment, Hispanic American
Hispanic, we got a lot of Hispanic
I love Hispanic
Who in this audience is Hispanic? Yeah, we're doing great
Well, we should be doing great
You have the lowest unemployment rates ever recorded
Asian Americans, likewise the lowest ever recorded
The unemployment rate for women reached the lowest rate in 71 years
African American youth unemployment has reached an all time historic low
People I love, people I might've helped more than anybody because of choice and accountability
The veteran's unemployment rate drop to the lowest record
Lowest in history
The unemployment rate for disabled Americans has reached an all time historic low and you got to remember they're back there checking every word
They're going, oh, my god
He's right
I can't say it because I got all these maniacs back there
They're trying to find He put the comma in the wrong place
He didn't make that word plural, therefore he lied
Now I've got to be very accurate because all these numbers, they check them out
They're in there, checking them out
Check on the African American unemployment, please
Please tell me it's not historic
These people are among the most dishonest human beings on earth
Not all of them
Workers without a high school diploma
We have millions of people that didn't go through high school
They left
They had problems, good problems, bad problems, families where they don't have the money
They didn't get a high school diploma
They've achieved the lowest unemployment rate ever recorded in the history of the United States
Those are important groups of people
Half a million more Hispanic Americans now own a home
Now, Hispanic have done so good
And by the way, you know who understands the border, because we are building that wall like crazy
Remember, they also said, if you build the wall you'll lose the Hispanic vote
I said, I got to do what's right
You know who understands the border better than anybody? You know who understands crime at the border better than anybody? The Hispanics understand it and they don't want to be working and have people come and take their job
Have people come in where they can't pay for their house, have people come in who are very bad people
You have some very bad people
You have murderers and rapists, and we have set all sorts of records at the border, but we're up to 122 miles of wall, and it is true
The people that understand it the best are Hispanic
So, thank you
We got to make our country safe
We've lifted 10 million people off of welfare
Median household income is now the highest ever recorded in our country
Think of that
I say it all the time
President Bush, eight years, $450
President Barack Hussein Obama, eight years, $ 975
President Donald John Trump, three years
It's actually less when they did the numbers
Three years, including the big tax cuts that we got you and the regulation cuts
Three years
So, you had 450, 975, that's eight and eight
Now we're down to three years, a little less, three years, $ 10,000 per family a year
10,000 a year
Our historic regulatory reduction campaign is restoring American liberty and ending the tyranny of federal bureaucrats
I deal with them
They're not good
It's called the swamp
We've ended the war on American energy, lowering utility bills, reducing prices at the pump, reducing your prices
Part of that number is all of the money that we save at the pump and on electric
I also recently took action on an issue Nevada has been dealing with for over 30 years
Yucca mountain
You know Yucca mountain? My budget stops funding for the licensing of waste storage at Yucca mountain, so that we can focus on positive solutions and for much better reasons and alternatives
Why should you have nuclear waste in your backyard? I won't say which countries, but you know what other countries do? I will not say which ones
They put it on a ship
They float it out into the middle of the ocean
They find a nice deep spot and they dump it
That's the end of it
But we would never do that for environmental reasons
We are reversing decades so Yucca mountain You're okay, please
Okay
Just relax
Sheldon, do you have somebody at your newspaper back there who can write
Yucca mountain, please
He'll call up, Yucca mountain is okay
That's the end of that
So Yucca mountain, you're in great shape
Maybe they can finally report it properly, but we're reversing decades of calamitous trade policies
For years, Washington politicians took money from lobbyists, global corporations and corrupt special interest to ship our jobs and factories and all of this stuff and all of this wealth
They stole our wealth
They shipped it overseas and to other countries
America lost one in four manufacturing jobs following the twin disasters of NAFTA and China's entrance into the WTO, the world trade organization
Probably an even worse deal for us than NAFTA, if that's possible, but under my administration, the great betrayal of America is over
America is no longer for sale
Last month we ended the NAFTA catastrophe and I signed the brand new U
S
, Mexico, Canada agreement USMCA
See, we played the song YMCA because that's the only way you'll remember
Just think of the song YMCA
Think of the song and you'll remember that USMCA is a gigantic victory for farmers, ranchers, and manufacturers all across the great state of Nevada
I also took the strongest ever action to confront China's massive theft of America jobs
Our strategy worked
Last month, we signed a ground breaking trade agreement
Probably the biggest agreement of any kind ever signed with China that will defend our workers, protect our intellectual property and boost American exports by a lot
China will be buying $250 billion worth of goods from us now and 50 billion from our farmers
My guys wanted 16, I said, make it 50
My guys wanted 16, they got China up to 20
I said, Nope
Got to make it 50, and then I said to China, you got a billion and a half people
What difference does it make? They said, you're right
50 billion, I don't think our farmers can produce that much, but we're going to soon find out
They're going to buy very large tractors
After years of building up other countries, we are finally rebuilding our country
we are finally putting America first
Or no issue of Washington Democrats more thoroughly sold out the American people than the issue of immigration
Before I came into office, the far left's policy of open borders allowed deadly drugs to flow freely into our country, poisoning our children, including right here in a very big way
The great state of Nevada
Washington Democrats put the needs of illegal immigrants before the wellbeing of American citizens
You know that, you've been complaining about it for a long time
It's one of the reasons you voted for Trump
They want to let anyone from around the world simply walk across the border and then they want to give them a lifetime of free welfare, of healthcare, of lots of other things, including education
All paid for by the taxpayers of the United States
Illegal immigration costs Nevada taxpayers, think of it, more than $1
6 billion every year, over $1,500 per household
For the amount of money Washington Democrats want to spend supporting illegal immigrants, we could rebuild every city, all of these distressed areas in the United States, throughout our country
The money spend, it's not even thinkable and don't forget when we say come, like in California the clown, he says, come, we'll give you free healthcare
People that weren't even thinking about coming
That's why we have caravans of people that we're turning back
Mexico's been great
By the way, they gave us 27,000 soldiers on our border
But when a governor, nice guy actually, he's a nice guy
We just got to explain the facts of life
He's a nice guy
Oh doctor, please
Doctor in the house, please
Medical, please
A doctor
Thank you
Take your time
We've got plenty of time
Yeah, take your time please
A lot of these people have been here for three days
It's a lot
Those front row people are tough
Take your time, doc
Thank you, everybody
Thank you, doctor
That's true
They get here so They stand and sit and sometimes days early
In Colorado, they're there three, four days early
It's tough
And we work it and make sure that you have everything you want
Number one, we cover the facts and number two, we want to have a good time because we have to have a good time
But things like that happen a lot because after two, three days, it's not easy and these are strong people
I'm not going to fight any of them, okay? Now, amazing people
Thank you very much
Under my administration, we're finally taking care of our own citizens first, including millions of illegal immigrants who follow our laws, pay their taxes, lift up our society, and are entitled to a government that protects their families and protects their communities
Every day, Democrats' open border policies are harming and killing innocent people
You know what's happening, you know what's going on
In this region alone last year, ICE officers, and they're patriots
They're strong, tough patriots
If we didn't have them
They remove thousands and thousands of MS13 gang members a year and plenty of others
Who else is going to do it? ICE officers arrested over 5, 000 criminal aliens charged or convicted of dangerous offenses, including robbery, rape, and even murder
Many murders
In Western Nevada, an illegal alien was charged with robbing and brutally executing four victims last year
Right here in Las Vegas, three MS13 gang members abducted a man, tied him up with his shoelaces, shot him repeatedly, and hacked him to death with a machete
You know exactly what I'm talking about
It's right here in your place, in Las Vegas, right here
Tied up and hacked him to death
Yet left wing politicians oppose all detention of illegal aliens, even convicted criminals and murderers, and they support deadly sanctuary cities
I say this all the time and I just How the hell, where are they coming from? I don't get it right
Seriously, I don't get it
Sanctuary cities imperil American lives by releasing dangerous criminal aliens directly into your communities
If you want to shut down sanctuary cities, if you want to protect your family and your loved ones, you must vote Republican in 2020
And you have some great ones here, Michael
Thanks to our tireless efforts to secure the border, we have reduced illegal border crossings eight straight months in a row
And as the wall gets longer, it gets easier and easier
Remember when the Democrats were saying, you don't need a wall
Two things that never change, right? All these computers, they said, use drones
Oh great, we'll fly over with drones
Watch the people pour in by the thousands
That's great
Use drones
Before I came along, they all wanted a wall
They just didn't know how to build it
They had no clue
They had the money, they actually gave the money back, but they had no clue
But as soon as I came in and I said, Wall, they went against and I made a terrible mistake
We catch them
You know the story
They come over, could be a killer, murderer, rapist
They come over
We can't do anything
We have to be politically correct
We catch them
We then say, what's your address? They don't know
They don't even know their country in many cases
Where do you come from? We don't know and they mean it, but some are very serious criminals
So, we catch them, we take whatever they can take, which is nothing, and then we had to release them in our country
We can't bring them back
And then we have a system of judges, thousands of judges all over the place
You got to be like Perry Mason and every illegal that comes in, they have the lawyers
The lawyers meet them, they get paid fees, but we're breaking the system
No more catch and release, you think that was easy? And the big thing is that 30 foot And this wall is built exactly to the specifications of border patrol
Totally
And border patrol has seized the largest amount, just recently, of deadly narcotics ever recorded
The largest amount
We've deported record numbers of gang members
We've done more to secure the border than any administration in history
We are, as I said, building the wall faster than ever
Faster and bigger than anyone thought possible
They can't believe we're getting it done
We'll have over 500 miles of wall built sometime next year
500 miles
Washington Democrats have never been more extreme than they are right now
132 congressional Democrats have now signed up for Bernie Sanders takeover of healthcare that would strip 180 million Americans, many of them in this room, of their private coverage
Remember president Obama? Remember, he said, you can keep your doctor, you can keep your plan
28 times, he lied, so we should impeach him
We're going to impeach him
We'll do a belated impeachment
28 times, you can keep your doctor, right? Remember, you could keep your doctor
Unfortunately, when they found out you can't keep your doctor, he said, I was just kidding
Now, we should impeach him
We'll do a belated impeachment
Fake news, you have it
See, you have to be very careful when you say impeachment because you know what they do? They go back and they write
President Trump said that Obama should be impeached, but he's not in office and so therefore they can't impeach
He doesn't know what he's talking about because he's not in office, so therefore they can't
So, you have to be very careful
That's why I use the word belated impeachment
Belated, meaning I'm just kidding, okay? They do it all the time
They had it the other day
I said, bring back Gone With The Wind, right? I said a little bit up here, but I said the movie the other day in Colorado, I guess
I said, Huh, South Korean movie won
They said, ladies and gentlemen, the winner of the Academy Award is  A movie made in South Korea, what's this all about? And I deal with them, they like me
We're helping them a lot
They're killing us on trade
They beat us on trade and then they win the Academy Award for a fricking movie
But we redid that trade deal, but the other day they got me on this one too
I said, whatever happened to Gone With the Wind, that beautiful movie? Vivian Lee, Clark Gable, right? Whatever happened, bring back Gone With the Wind
And some of them wrote, he doesn't know that that movie was made in 1936
He says fake news
It is fake news, they're fakers
But now, anybody sitting there reading this saying, man, Trump, can't be that smart
He said bring back Gone With the Wind
That's an old movie
Yeah, it's an old classic
What I say is make great movies, not this computerized garbage
And I was never a fan of Brad Pitt, I will tell you that
No, I thought he was a stiff
He was a stiff, it's like a boring guy
All of a sudden he wins the Academy Award, so fitting
Their ratings aren't so good at the Academy Awards
You know when that stopped? When they started attacking us, their ratings went right down the tubers
I told somebody, the evening newscasts, they're terrible for conservative people and they're crooked, they're absolutely dishonest
I said to one of the big broadcasters, I'm friendly with him
I said, if you ever did a conservative newscasts, instead of you got, ABC is terrible
NBC is just absolutely atrocious
And they do badly
Not a lot of people are watching
They used to, when we had the late, great Walter Cronkite and these legends, right? But ABC is terrible and NBC is terrible and CBS is terrible
They're all the same
And I said, your ratings stink
If you would do a newscast that's conservative, I'd get them a host
I could recommend guys right now, right? I'd get them a host
We'll call up Don't take Sean Hannity away from us
Don't take our show
That's my problem, I don't want to take away any of our people
You get a Pete Hegseth
You get a Jesse Waters
You get I could name so many of them, right? And you put them on that broadcast, their ratings would go up five fold but they don't know that
I don't know
They're stupid
Their ratings would go through the roof, but they would rather have a failed broadcast that nobody watches than put on a conservative person and lift the ratings five times
They would rather have a fail Seven months ago we had a little skit, and they were hoping the market would crash because they would rather lose their money, or big parts of it, and have a really horrible market on the basis that we, not me, we could not be elected on November 3rd
This is how crazy-  on November 3rd
This is how evil, this is how crazy they are
They've gone crazy
I guess you call it Trump derangement syndrome
But if they ever did a conservative broadcast, meaning very fair, very honest When I say that, it's almost like do a fair broadcast
Just a fair broadcast
That thing would be the hottest show
But they don't realize it
And if they do, they probably wouldn't do it anyway because they don't want to go away from what they're doing, which is crazy because it is, they're doing very poorly
While the social and socialist Democrats are trying to destroy American healthcare and your Social Security, they're putting it at risk, my administration is protecting your Social Security
Remember they said, four years ago in the debates and you had this crazy woman
I mean, I hate to mention her name
I did it you know, yesterday
I threw all the runs, hates it
She's a zero
It's got zero television personality
Aero AB Stoddard, whoever that is
She said, Donald Trump lost all of his debates
I won every debate and maybe, I don't know maybe one somebody, but I won with tremendous numbers
He says, You always won
I'm not sure
We try, I'll tell you that and we're winning now
But this crazy woman who's got zero going, zero
She said, Donald Trump lost his debates that he won
You know, she was talking about how badly Benny Mike did
So she said, Well, Donald Trump
No, I won every single debate
I won them against crooked Hillary
I won them in the primaries like 15 or 16 debates
And for some reason, you know, sometimes you do say, it's not a big deal
Nobody watches it
Nobody cares
Nobody even knows who she is
I just made her famous, right? She's nothing
She's nothing
She's got no talent, got nothing
She's probably got a little drive
That's how she keeps getting on television
Other people don't have her drive
But you know what? I said, That's really unfair
So I took out the polls, Time magazine, Drudge, good guy, Drudge, Drudge
We took out a lot of different things and we put up the Drudge poll, the Time magazine and many others
And some of them had to be down to like at 91% and they didn't have many people and I can't really show up because many of those people are now great friends of mine
Some of them are great Republican senators
I'm not going to show results, but I'm holding it up just quickly glancing
I call it a glancing blow, but we won the debates and I have this fake news person saying, Donald Trump did very poorly in the debates
I want every debate easily
I never did it before
Remember my first question? I said, Rosie O'Donnell
That was one of my best answers
Rosie O'Donnell who violated the campaign finance laws as badly as anybody I've ever seen and nothing happens to her
Right? And yet jevich violate  He made a little mistake and they want to destroy him
So we pardoned him
We pardoned him
By the way, he made a mistake
Rosie O'Donnell
That was a massive violation of the campaign finance laws but Dinesh, Dinesh, they wanted to put him in jail
I don't know
I think he might've even gone to jail for a period of time for doing something that was really very understandable
Rosie O'Donnell
Five times what she did is incredible
Nothing happens
And then she gets on and says, what a bad guy I am
I'm not a bad guy, but it's really a disgrace
You know, it's a disgrace
I'm glad they didn't do anything with it, frankly because you know what to do for something like that
But you know what? We have two sets of justices in this country
It's no good
It's no good
It's no good
You know the thing we're working on right now? We're trying to get fairness for a certain person who's been treated very unfairly
A man who had a juror, who was a radical anti-Trump person, and she didn't say that when she went up there and she became the foreperson of the jury and she did terrible things and said terrible things
And you know how they caught her
When he was convicted and then a statement was made, she started jumping up and down screaming,  Yes, yes
And started telling everybody
They said, Wait a minute
Wasn't she just a juror? The woman was totally biased
How do you do this? So I fight
Look, I fight
A lot of times it's not worth it, but I got to fight for fairness
I got to fight for fairness
Got to fight for fairness
It's a very unfair system
I guess it's called the swamp
When I said drain the swamp, it was a nice phrase
I never liked the phrase
When I was campaigning, somehow the phrase came up, Sir, I think we have a phrase, drain the swamp
I said, I don't like it
That's too hokey
But one day I was in a big arena, 25,000 people packed before the election and I said, And we will drain the swamp
The place went crazy
I said, Wow, you never know
You never know
Frank Sinatra said his best song
I won't tell you which one because I'll ruin it for you, but his best song is the song that he thought would never make it, the song that he liked the least, but he said that's the one that was the most successful that the people like you never know
So I said, Drain the swamp
And the people went crazy
I said, Woah
I said, Let's try that again
And the next time I did it again and again and again
I only didn't know how disgusting and dirty the swamp is and a lot of the media is a big part of the swamp
So my administration is protecting your social security, your Medicare, and is fighting to give you great healthcare
We're defending your right to keep your doctor and your plan
We're defending that right
You're going to have that right back
We're going to cancel that Obamacare if we could win the case and we're going to give you great healthcare and we're making healthcare better and much cheaper while premiums more than doubled in the last five years before I took office
We're managing it very well
We got rid of the individual mandate, by far the most unpopular thing where you had to pay a lot of money for the privilege of not having to pay for bad healthcare, right? We got rid of it
And it was upheld in the Supreme Court, what we did
Whenever we get sued, everything we do, if we move, if we take 10 steps right or left, we get sued and we're now offering plans that are up to 60% less expensive
We're going to make healthcare a big part of this campaign
We're protecting people with preexisting conditions and we always will
That's why if we are successful, you don't want the Supreme Court to try and get rid of this, the caucus
It's a caucus known as Obamacare, but we're running it much better than they did
Remember when they had, this was the greatest, the $5 billion website, right? 5 billion
It was supposed to cost 5 million
I have a son at home
He's 13
He's a genius with computers
Hi, dad
What's up? Dead dad
Get out of here
Hey listen
I'm the president of the United States, pal
Don't talk to your dad
Dad, Come on dad
Can't you see I'm playing with my computer? The guy talks to me and he's working with his computer
These guys are genius
You know, they grow up with like walking, right? But he's looking at me
I could have given him their healthcare site
He would have done it for nothing and it would have been better than what they have
So remember, come on, dad
I'm busy, dad
What do you want? What do you want, dad? Barron, woah
Wow, he's going to like that
He's a good boy
He's a tall boy
I'll tell you that
Just turned 13
He's up there
I'm saying, Hi Barron
How are you doing? But they're great with the computers
They spent 5 billion
Okay
It was going to cost 50
It was going to cost five
It was going to cost 50
Then it was going to 

What was the final number? Five hundreds
The number that they spent, $5 billion
Right? It still doesn't work
They spent $5 billion
Right? And they spent $500 million on all of the problems it caused and we've really straightened it out, but it's still lousy healthcare, Obamacare
And it's really not Obamacare anymore because when you get rid of the individual mandate, it's no longer Obamacare but we're going to terminate it
We're going to give you your preexisting a hundred per- otherwise I won't do it
We're going to give you brand new preexisting and we're going to have a great healthcare that's much less expensive
And we're fighting to stop surprise medical bill and Barron's is going to be very happy
I signed an executive order imposing price transparency because when providers are required to show their prices, those same prices fall very fast
You know, a man that does this very professionally is great, into the healthcare business and you have to be careful when you say it, but you know it was just a very strong statement
But he said, Sir, price transparency in hospitals
Where you can bid it out and you can look at the prices
Right now you can't see
If you go to a hospital, they won't even tell you how much it's going to cost
They operate and then they'll give you a bill and you'll say, Oh my god, I had no idea it could be
They take blood
We have one person, blood $39
Another place, the exact same thing, $2500
Take blood, a blood test
One is $39 one, is $2500
The same test
Maybe the $39 test is better
Who the hell knows? But it's crazy
Price transparency and he looks at me
He goes, and he's a real pro
One of the top in the country
He said, Sir, and nobody wanted to do it because it's a little bit controversial and a lot of the drug companies don't exactly love it
The hospitals don't love it, but I got to do what's right for you
The people, I don't care, I'm not
I got to do it
But he looked at me
And this is why I did it
It was one phrase
You know, do you ever do where you're not going to do something? And then somebody hits you with a perfect phrase
He said, Sir, price transparency is bigger than healthcare
I said, What do you mean by that? He said, You will see numbers that far outweigh healthcare, hospitals, doctors
He said, You'll be able to price out everything
You'll be able to see costs
He said, Price transparency
You know, people you've heard about this for 15, 20 years
No president has the guts to do it
Probably means I won't get campaign contributions from certain people, but I'm not going to get them anyway
What the hell difference does that make? I don't want them
I don't want them
I got to do what's right
You know, we're here for a short period of time
Even if it's a long period, it's still a short period and we've got to do so
Price transparency is a big deal
He said it's bigger than healthcare
Think of that
Bigger than healthcare
So let's see what happens
But that'll kick in
Unfortunately, that kicks in after the election because we're going through the final stages
We going through a statutory process, unfortunately
So think of it, we're going to win
But let's say the fake news could give me enough phony stories, enough bad stuff that we don't make it
The new president will get all the credit for price transparency and he won't even know what the hell it is
And I took the heat
Isn't that something? But we're going to win
We got to win for that reason alone
We've approved a record number of affordable new generic drugs, which are just as good as the name brand drugs, but a fraction of the cost
And that was another one
Tremendous political pressure
Think of it
You own Bayer aspirin
You own all these name name brand drugs that are making so much money
And then the guy comes along said, I want to make 20 forms of aspirin
They're exactly the same
Exactly
But they don't have a big name on it
Exactly as good
I don't say better
I don't say worse
They're exactly the same
You know, people still, they want to go out and buy the name
You know? I do
I do
You know? Because it's just because we're stupid
No, it's true
They're exactly the same
We're approving so many of the generic drugs, a record number
Nobody's ever approved so much
The drug companies hate it
They hate it
Never happened like what we're doing
We also took down the trial periods from 12 years down to five or six years
They'd have a new drug
The thing was obsolete by the time it got approved
We've passed a really spectacular thing that they've been trying to get for 40 some odd years
Right to try
So you don't have to now go if you get, hopefully nobody in this room has those kind of problems
Right to try
And so now you go and you sign a waiver and you get everything
It's great
If you're terminally ill
If you're very, very sick, you're not going to make it
And you know why they didn't do it? They wouldn't approve it because they didn't want to be sued
And they said, No, this could be dangerous
They said, The people are terminally ill, they're going to die
Let them use the experimental drugs
Don't wait because they have another four or five years before they can come onto the market
And it turned out we are having such unbelievable results
And you know what else? Some of those drug companies are now like it
That they fought me like crazy because it's really showing if it works there, it's really showing that it works
It's pretty amazing
Right to try and this is really something, brand new initiatives combating kidney disease and combating Alzheimer's disease
We've made a lot of progress
We've made a lot of progress, Sheldon and we're pursuing new advances in the neonatal research to care for America's youngest patients, our babies, and breaking all records in so doing
All of the radical Democrats in the presidential debates have declared their unlimited support for extreme late term abortion, ripping babies straight from the mother's womb right up until the very moment of birth
This is why in my state of the union address, did you like it? Good
It's a different kind of address
You know, we can go lots of different ways, right? Presidential, not presidential
I was presidential
Totally
You'd have about three people standing here, but I asked Congress to prohibit late term abortion of babies because Republicans believe that every child is a sacred gift from God
The Democrat party is the party of high taxes, high crime, open borders, late term abortion, socialism, blatant corruption, and the total obliteration of your very, very important second amendment
The Republican party is the party of the American worker, the American family, the American dream, and the late great Abraham Lincoln, which everybody forgot
Republicans are fighting for citizens from every background, every community, and every single walk of life
We are the party of boundless optimism, excitement, energy, and enthusiasm
We are wealthy, right? Are we enthusiastic? You know how many of these I've done in the last four days? People say, Where the hell do you get your energy? I say, Well, the truth is I like what I do and if we weren't getting the results, I wouldn't like it
If we weren't getting the results
If I didn't see the results, I wouldn't like it at all
We're welcoming Americans of all parties and political persuasions to join our incredible movement to make America great again
We're a very big party
We are the party of big ideas for the future
Republicans are fighting for school choice because no parent should ever be forced to send their child to a failing government school
I passed criminal justice reform to give former prisoners a second chance at life
Was never going to happen
We got it done
This could not have been done by anyone but the Republican party and ourselves
You know the Democrats have tried for years
They couldn't get it done
We got it done
To uphold the rule of law
We are confirmed and this is something they say
Most important thing you can do, judges
I say most important thing is defense
Second is judges
A record number of 217 federal judges who will interpret the constitution as written
And we have appointed two great new Supreme court justices, Neil Gorsuch and Brett Kavanaugh
I recognized Israel's true capital and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem and we recognize Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights
We have invested $2
2 trillion to rebuild the United States military, including more than $130 million for Nellis air force base right here
And we just created the sixth branch of the American armed forces, the Space Force, 72 years, 72 years
The air force was 72 years ago
We just did a branch
It's a big deal, isn't it? Think of it
A branch, the army, the air force
Think of it
We did a branch
For years you watched as your politicians apologized for America
Now you have a president who is standing up for America and we are standing up for the people of Nevada
At stake in our present battle is the survival of our nation
If you want your children to inherit the blessings that generations of Americans have fought and died for to secure, then we must devote everything we have toward victory in November of 2020 November 3rd
November 3rd
Only this way can we save the America we love and drain the Washington swamp once and for all
With your help, we will lift millions more of our citizens from welfare to work, dependence to independence and poverty to prosperity
Together we will elect a Republican Congress to create a fair, safe, sane and lawful system of immigration
We will continue to enact new trade deals that result in more products proudly stamped with that very beautiful phrase, Made in the USA
We will achieve new breakthroughs in science and medicine, finding new cures for childhood cancer and ending the AIDS epidemic within nine years in America
And we will land the first woman on the moon and become the first nation in the world to plant its flag on Mars
We will defend privacy, free speech, religious liberty, and the right to keep and bear arms
And that is under siege in case you haven't noticed
You know, your second amendment is under siege
Just don't worry
Long as I'm here, they're not touching it
Above all, we will never stop fighting for this
So true
But we will never stop fighting for the sacred values that bind us together as one America, we support, protect and defend the constitution of the United States
We stand with the incredible heroes and they are heroes
We love them, of law enforcement
We believe in the dignity of work and the sanctity of life
We believe that faith and family, not government bureaucracy are the true American way
We believe that children should be taught to love our country, honor our history, and to always respect our great American flag
And we live by the words of our national motto, in God we trust
From Carson city to Reno to right here in Las Vegas, we stand on the shoulders of red blooded American patriots who poured out their heart, sweat, and soul to secure our liberty and to defend our great, beautiful, lovely freedom, freedom, freedom
Freedom
Nevada was founded by pioneers and prospectors, miners and cowboys who tamed the frontier, raised the mighty Hoover dam
That's a beauty
Transformed the barren desert into a shining oasis, lit up the lights of the Las Vegas strip and help to make this the greatest nation ever to exist on the face of the earth
And we are making it greater than ever before
Proud citizens like you helped build this country and together we are taking back our country
We are returning power to you, the American people
With your help, your devotion and your drive, we are going to keep on working
We are going to keep on fighting and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning
We are one movement, one people, one family and one glorious nation under God
America is thriving like never before
And ladies and gentlemen of Nevada, the best is yet to come together
We will make America wealthy again
We will make America strong again
We will make America proud again
We will make America safe again and we will make America great again
Thank you very much, everybody
Thank you
Thank you, Nevada
Thank you, Las Vegas
We love Las Vegas
Thank you everybody
Thank you

So thank you Pennsylvania, very much
I'm thrilled to be in Latrobe, the home of the late, great, my friend, Arnold Palmer
What a great guy he was
What a great guy
Thank you very much
61 days from now, we're going to win the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, and we are going to win four more years in the White House
Joe Biden wants to surrender your jobs to China
You know that
His son walked out with a lot of money for doing nothing
He wants to surrender your nation to the radical left wing mob
He's trying to change now
We say that's not working because we're going up and he's dropping like a rock in water
And before the China virus, this election was over
Now I had to go back to work and we've done a great job on it
We don't get the credit
We don't get the credit
We made a lot of governors look very good
But I will keep your jobs in America, and I'll bring rioters, looters, violent extremists, anarchists, we will bring them to justice
That's what we're doing right now
We have over 400 right now under arrest
These are bad people
Over the last three and a half years, we've secured America's borders, fixed our broken trade deals, rebuilt the United States military, obliterated the ISIS caliphate 100%, secured American energy independence, and built the single greatest economy in the history of the world, and now we're going to do it again
Have to do it again
Have to do it again
Got to do it again
And it's happening
You see what's happening
Job numbers, retail sale numbers, they're all at records
It's happening
It's happening very fast
It's actually happening in a super V, not a V
It's a super V and you'll see that, and big numbers are coming out and have come out, and just watch your set or watch your newspaper
Read your newspaper
You're seeing numbers that, congressmen, we haven't seen those numbers ever before, actually
We've never seen them
And by the way, we have record stock markets
We have record everything
You're going to have an incredible economic year next year
Your stocks are going up
Your 401s are through the roof
I had a little pause today
People wanted to take some profits and probably somebody said something stupid along the way
But the stock market's at record levels
Think of it
In the hopefully rounding the turn on the pandemic, we're rounding that turn, and vaccines are coming along great
The job that they've done, the doctors, everybody else, we're years ahead of schedule
Anybody else's President, you wouldn't be talking about vaccines for two or three years from now
I'll tell you right now
That I can tell you
Biden will never be able to protect your jobs or your family
He is a puppet of the socialists, Marxists, and the cop hating extremists
And they are cop hating
And we love our law enforcement
We love our law enforcement
And by the way, I don't know if you saw this, if there's any way of you seeing it, we have thousands of people behind this hangar, thousands, and we're trying to get them in
And I'd love to get them in
I mean, it's an airport
Let them go to the runways
Okay? Let them in
I mean, literally there, we landed
I actually thought that was the crowd
We're doing the hanger thing now because the arenas can't do it because of the pandemic for a while, a little while
But in certain ways, I like this better
I don't have to travel
I get off the plane
I make a speech
I get the hell out of here
No, these are great
Do you remember the last days before the campaign? I'd do a lot of them a day
Get off that plane
It was a little different plane
It was black and white instead of the blue and white
But we had some time
And that was an important day and that was an important year, 2016
But I will tell you, the election that we have coming up is the single most important election in the history of this country
And we had a level of enthusiasm, I mean, even look today
With all going on, look at the kind of crowds we have
But we had record enthusiasm in 2016
By the way, was that greatest evening ever? November
And now it's going to be November 3rd, and we'll keep it going and we'll get it all like a tree
You move that tree
It takes a little while to plant, your tax cuts
They're going to raise your taxes
They're going to take away your guns
Really, if you look
And you know, they'll criticize me for saying this, the fake news media, which is back there, with their fake polls
The same as last year
We could just put it all on tape
The fake polls, the fake everything
You know, they're called suppression polls
They're meant to make you depressed
Are you depressed? You don't look depressed
We have the real numbers
We're leading everywhere
We are leading everywhere
I'll tell you
I think we're way ahead of what we were four years ago, and there's far more enthusiasm
Our base is bigger
It's stronger
And we've done the greatest job
Again, if we didn't get hit by the plague from China, between us, I would have canceled, Mr
Congressman, most of the rallies
I wouldn't have needed a rally
That's a little bit unfair, but that's okay
That's what China's done to our nation
They've screwed us for a long time on a lot of different ways
Never has anybody ripped off our nation like China, and I've taken in billions and billions of dollars
We never took in 25 cents from China
And I gave $28 billion, right, $28 billion to the farmers because they were targeted unfairly by China
And our farmers are very unhappy
I don't think we have too many farmers in this wonderful Pennsylvania town
I know we have a lot of boilermakers over there
We got a lot of boilermakers, I'll be talking about them
Look at those guys
Nobody going to mess with them
I'll tell you
We're going to be talking about them in a minute
But for the entire summer, Biden was silent as far left rioters viciously attacked law enforcement in Democrat run cities all, burned down businesses, terrorized civilians, and just recently marched through the streets chanting, Death to America
This is what we have
Death to America
And by the way, we could end it like immediately
You saw what we did in Wisconsin
It ended
It took a while for the governor
You know, they have to ask us in
It's like, otherwise we have to do something much bigger and it's totally unnecessary
The National Guard is fantastic
I went to see them two days ago
Biden went there today
There was nobody there
There was nobody there
He was a little late
I was going to say, Hey, listen, we ended that problem
But we could end it in Portland
Wise guys in Portland
Anarchists
They're agitators
They're looters
I'll tell you we could end it in Portland in a half an hour
We did it in Seattle
We told them we're coming in
You either end it or were coming in
Congressman, we were going in the next day
We were all set
I was actually disappointed, to be honest
They ended it in Seattle
They took over 20% of the city
Do you believe this? And the mayor said, No, it's going to be a summer of love
These people are crazy
So we end them very quickly
We end them very quickly
And now what we're doing is we're holding back funds for cities that don't know what they're doing, where they allow crime to run rampant
And we put a 10 year prison sentence at anybody that knocks down a statue
I took out an old ordinance, a very old one, because today in Congress, you don't get things like that today
They think that you should just have no cash bail
They do the no cash bail
You kill somebody
There's no bail
Don't worry about it
Go out
But I took out an old ordinance
I gave a new executive order
It says 10 years in prison
And amazingly, amazingly, that was three and a half months ago
And they were having a big march on Washington, march elsewhere, and amazingly, that was the end of the statues coming down
No statutes
And we're actually prosecuting people for having done it
We made it retroactive to the beginning
Terrible
Terrible
And by the way, the state statues and monuments, they have to do the same thing
It's real easy
But the rioters that want Biden to win, they want him to win because their agenda, it's what they want
It's the craziest thing I've ever seen
They both want to cut funding for police
They want to end that cash bail
They want to hire far left prosecutors and judges, and let the criminals run wild
The radical left District Attorney in Portland, Mike Schmidt, his name is, has released hundreds of rioters that announced that anyone arrested for interfering with police officers, disorderly conduct, criminal trespass, rioting, and other offenses will not be prosecuted under any circumstance
Oh, it's worse
It's worse
You have somebody in Philadelphia who's worse, right? Worse
In his manifesto with Bernie Sanders, that's what it is, Biden agreed to all these things
You notice now, No, no
I never said about fracking
I never said
If you don't do fracking in Pennsylvania, 900,000 jobs and your energy bills will triple
Other than that, I don't think you should have it
Okay? No, but he said in the manifesto, plus he said many times, we put on the clip yesterday where he, no fracking, no this, no that, I mean, no guns
How about guns? No guns
No second amendment
Biden has pledged to a point prosecutors who extend these insane far left policies nationwide
That's what he's done
That's called the manifesto
He agreed to all this stuff
The craziest thing, you're supposed to bring it to the right
He actually brought it further left
Bernie never dreamt that this was possible, crazy Bernie
Do you know crazy Bernie? I had a lot of his voters come to me four years ago, a big percentage
You know why? Because I agree with him and he agrees with me on one thing, trade
The trade
Because he knew that other countries are ripping us off and so did I
Nobody else got it
Especially Biden never got it
He never got it
Still doesn't get it
Now he really gets nothing
I tell you
He didn't get it in prime time
Now he really doesn't get it
But it's okay for them to make every city look just like Portland which is a disaster
And again, we could clean it up
We just go right through it
5,000, 10,000, right through it
These guys are tough
They're smart
And they love our country
They love our country
We'll clean it up in one half hour
It'll be over
 strength
They don't understand
Nice
They chased him out of his home
Unbelievable
Biden's plan is to appease the domestic terrorist
And my plan is to arrest them and prosecute them
And I will always defend law abiding citizens
That's why the rioters are voting for Biden and the law enforcement people, you know, we have it from everybody
We just got the sheriffs in Florida, all of them, all of them
We got Ohio
We got Texas
We got North Carolina
We got South Carolina
We got everybody
I see Rick Perry right there
Rick Perry, what are you doing here, Rick? Rick Perry, one of the greats
But they're all voting for me
This election is about safety and this election is about jobs
Today, I'm delighted to accept a very, very special endorsement from people I like
Sort of grew up with these people
I don't know what it is, the relationship we have with all of us, with all of us
What I'm endorsing, I'm getting an endorsement tonight from some very, very special people
They work hard
They do great
We really put them back to work because this state was in trouble
At last year, you had the single greatest economic year in the history of your whole operation, right? Of your whole operation
You've never had anything like that
This has been your greatest
This has been prior to the plague coming in
It's been the Commonwealth's greatest
Can we ever call the Commonwealth a state? You have two places
But you always have to say, well, wait a minute
Is this one a Commonwealth? Two places
You know what the other place is? Name it
Huh? That's right
How did you know that, Congressmen? Huh? But this Commonwealth, it's a great Commonwealth
It's a great place
And the boilermakers, local union, it's Local 154 of the boilermakers
They chartered in Pittsburgh 125 years ago
None of you were around to see it, and it now represents members in Pennsylvania, Ohio, and West Virginia
And I want to thank John Hughes and the boilermakers here today
It's a great honor to have you
Where's John? Where the hell is John? Stand up, John
John, we appreciate it
We appreciate it
Do you know why John is the head? You know why? Because look, he's got the worst location
I say, Where's John? I'm looking in the front row
Put up your hand, John
Look at that guy
He's great
You've got my vote, John
Hey, boilermakers, thank you
What a job you do
You're the heart of this country
You really are
Thank you very much
That's a great endorsement
That's a great endorsement
Joe Biden spent the last 47 years shipping Pennsylvania jobs to China and foreign nations
And I've spent the last four years bringing them back home and we're bringing them back home
Bringing a lot of things back home
I ended the last administration's eight year pure war on Pennsylvania oil, and coal, and fracking
If you look at the natural gas, what they've done to this state, what they were doing to this state
It was sort of easy
I just opened it up and I said, Do it
And the investment put into Pennsylvania, the investment put into the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania has been record setting
But again, you had the greatest year you've ever had last year prior to the virus
You're going to be set
Now with what we're doing, I believe that this next quarter, which will be announced, interestingly, just prior to the election, so I'm putting myself on the line, but I know what's going to happen
The numbers are going to be great
And next year is going to be one of the greatest years not only for Pennsylvania, but for the entire country
So Joe Hiden, we have a new one, Joe Hiden
We call him Joe Hiden
I have all
What do you like better? What do you like better? We got a number
Let's do a little poll
Can we do a poll? I saved myself so much money
You know, I saved myself so much money
We do these polls with thousands, and those people are coming in from the back, are they not? Yes? They're coming in
I'm telling you wouldn't have believed it
I'm landing
I wasn't waving at you
I was waving at them
There's more
But I do these polls
Right? And it's like a perfect poll
Do you ever see the companies? You give them a million bucks and they do a poll, like 78 people were polled
Now you've got thousands of people
So tell me
What's your feeling, first of all in the name You like MAGA, Make America Great Again? Yes? Oh, you are the one
You are a man
I made you famous today
You said the nicest things about me
Thank you
Did you see him on television today? I think you're great
I think you're great
Thank you
No, he called me a great Christian and a great Christian leader
Thank you
But he did say I wasn't perfect, but that's okay
I said thank you, anyway
Right? No, that was really great
That was really great
Biden- No that was really great
That was really great
But if you look at it, the things they've done, we're going to go through a couple of different polls as we go along because I love the people saying do this or do that
But one of the things I got you out of is this thing sounds so good but it's so bad
It's a rip off of our country
The so-called Paris Climate Accord
It's a disaster, a death sentence
It's a death sentence for your energy jobs
I took it out
I withdrew from that calamity
Biden pledged to reinstate it
It's going to cost you billions and billions of dollars
You know what it really is? It's a way of really taking advantage of the United States
This is what it is
Last year I visited the Shell Petrochemical Plant in Beaver County
Anybody ever hear of Beaver County? The largest investment in your state's history, all made possible by our pro-energy policies
Biden would wipe out that entire industry killing the jobs of more than 600,000 Pennsylvania workers
It's probably 940,000 they say
Think of that
Also, prices and everything else
Now Biden today came out and said, No, no, fracking's okay, it's okay? Did you see that? Fracking's okay
Because he was getting killed
And now we came out in favor of law enforcement
Look at all these handsome cops here
And a beautiful cop
If you would see how beautiful, if you would see how beautiful this is, it was like this perfect evening, the sun was setting, the faces of these great, great majestic heroes of our country, right? Heroes of our country
And they want to blow Mount Rushmore
But how about this one? The Democrats yesterday came out with a plan
Did you see it? Now, they're the DC Democrats
They want to change the name of the Washington Monument, perhaps take it down
Thomas Jefferson, pretty good Thomas Jefferson, right? You could forget about ever hearing that name again
Abraham Lincoln, you could forget about it
They want to take down all statues, all monuments in Washington
We have some of your greatest people right here
Let me not even talk to the congressmen
The heck with the Congressman, the boiler makers
How do you like? How do you like the idea of taking down our statues to our great George Washington, Thomas Jefferson, Abraham Lincoln, Andrew Jackson, all of them? I don't think the boiler makers
You'll do a ring around Washington right? Along with Christopher Columbus
He's in big trouble I'll tell you
Except there was one, there was a group of great Italians in New York, they tried to take down
They tried to take down Christopher Columbus statue in New York
You saw what happened, right? These Italians formed a little circle
They said, Come on
The agitators decided to leave
Let's get out of here darling
They protected Christopher Columbus
The Italians, now the Italians aren't big on taking down Christopher Columbus
You take down those statues you can forget about the Italian vote
Do we agree? But they protected it
When asked at the debate if there would be any place for fossil fuels, including coal, and fracking, and natural gas, and so many things that really fire up these big plants where many of you work, and they produce just millions and millions of jobs throughout our country, Biden said, No, we would absolutely not allow anything like that
We would make sure it's totally eliminated
That's what he said
He said, We would make sure it's totally eliminated or eliminated
Now he's coming and saying, This isn't working too well
This isn't working
And I made a speech a week ago in Texas
We had crowds that were unbelievable, on the highways, you can't get in, but the highways, it's like incredible
You could sell your ticket tonight for a lot of money, go to eBay
Even as a used ticket, you could probably sell
But you go down the highways and you see it, and I was thinking of Texas, I'm making a speech in front of obviously people that like oil, they like God, and you know what else they like, they like their Second Amendment, right? So think about it
So whether it's Pennsylvania, or Texas, or Oklahoma, or North Dakota, or any place, you take a look at this, right? And no oil, no guns, no God
I don't think George Washington running with Abraham Lincoln as his VP, he'll pick Abraham Lincoln as VP is going to win in Texas, or in Pennsylvania, or any place else with those three things eliminated
That's what they want to do
They want to take away your Second Amendment
If I weren't president, you would either have an obliterated Second Amendment or it would be gone entirely
I am standing between them and your Second Amendment
And that's it
That's it
They know
We put Baido in charge of guns
Baido is in charge, he wants to get rid of everything
Baido, that's a beauty
Remember he said, I was born for this
Anybody that says they're born for this
Remember Baido? He was on the cover of a magazine, I won't mention the magazine, they're back there
It's a total phony magazine
But he was on the cover of the magazine
And he said, I was born to run for president
He was born for it
I was born
Anybody that gets that character
That was when he was doing well
Since then he's cratered
Ever since he made that statement, he's looked very bad
But take a look at what he says about guns, and he got put in charge of guns
So I guess Biden pretty soon he's going to be coming out saying, No, no
I never said that
Check out all of the statements he's made on everything and now he's going the opposite way, but he's agreed to the manifesto entirely so maybe he'll do that
And then he figures later on, he'll go
But everything he said is right, because he has no control over what's happening
The radical left has captured the party
They even elected a person that nobody ever heard of, a senator, it's been a while, against a young, good looking Kennedy by 10 points in Massachusetts
Did you know Kennedy lost in Massachusetts? You know why? Because he wasn't a radical left
He was like a semi-normal person, just slightly left
No, but think of it
This is what's happened
And this is really what's happened
If you're not a radical lefty, meaning guns, meaning fossil fuels, they want wind, wind
To make the windmill, which are made mostly in China, and in Germany, by the way, to make it, so much emission is let out, that is more than you can ever save
It's just the craziest thing
Also, I am truly an environmentalist, but you have to understand
When we do things and they don't, and we clean, and it's very expensive to do that and they don't, and we have this massive planet, and China, India, Russia, Germany, all these places, it's fuming up and we're doing our job and beautiful
No, they have to do it also
Otherwise, it just doesn't work the way it's supposed to
They want to ban straws
Has anybody ever tried those paper straws? They are not working too good
Right? They want to ban straws, I said, well, I've had a couple of meals at McDonald's, et cetera over the years, right? Wendy's, a friend of mine owns Wendy's, I'll give it a plug, right? Burger King
So they want to ban straws
I said, Oh really? What about the carton? What about the plate? What about the knives and the spoons that are plastic? Oh, they're okay, but the straws we got ban
Has anybody ever tried, seriously, the new straw, it's made out of paper, right? It disintegrates as you drink and if you have a nice tie like this tie, this would have no chance
By the time you get finished, the straw is totally disintegrated
Does anybody walk around with a plastic straw? Because it's that bad
You whip it out, boom, boom
You never had to do that
When asked whether he would be willing to destroy the jobs of hundreds of thousands of blue collar workers to push his anti-energy agenda, you know what the answer is, right? It's the Green New Deal, right? This Green New Deal
This was made up by people that don't get it
Either that or people that just don't like our country very much
But Biden replied yes, he'll get rid of those jobs
And he famously told a voter, I want you to look in my eyes, when he's not wearing the mask because I've never seen a man that liked their mask
Look, I'm all for it, we have a big weekend, distance on the weekend, and all of that stuff, and wear your mask when you're close together in particular, and wash your hands, all those things
We have Labor Day Weekend coming up
But did you ever see a man that likes a mask as much as him? And then he makes a speech and he always has it, not always, but a lot of times he has it hanging down
Because you know what? It gives him a feeling of security
If I were a psychiatrist, right? I'd say, This guy's got some big issues
Hanging down
Hanging down
Congressman, give me your mask
I want to have it hanging from my ear
I don't want to touch your damn mask
Mike I'll never touch your mask
No, but the new one is, I went for a physical, the doctor said to me, Sir would you like to go over to Walter Reed? It's incredible
By the way, the job they do on people that have been just really hurt, our heroes
The job they do is incredible
Sir would you like to go over and do a physical? You have some time
You know why I had time? Some deal, oh, it was China
I decided not to see China because I didn't like the way they were doing business, okay? Does that make sense? So the doctor, White House doctor, highly respected, Sean, Sean Conley, Sir would you like to go over and do your physical, or do a piece of it, or finish it? or whatever it was, but do a physic
I said, I don't know
I'm not in love with the idea
Well, if you do it, you don't have to do Okay
Let's go
Come on
So we went, we went, and we're driving
Now you have to understand, they're like a hundred cars
You see what happens here
It's like the plane times 50
So the cars are driving all over to about a 20 minute drive and we get to the hospital, I get out
I was there probably for an hour and a half, two hours
And then yesterday I read that I had strokes
CNN, fake news CNN right there
No, it's true
Mini strokes they called them
I don't know what a mini stroke is, but it's not good
And there could be a day and I'll admit, I said Hey, it happens all of us
Right? Except these young ones
It's never going to happen to them
And I'd look at it at that, but you know what happens? But nothing happened
So I went in, I did that part of the physical
The end result was he's very healthy
They were very unhappy when they heard that result
What you don't remember is when this took place, it was a long time ago
They just started up because they want to try and get me to be in Biden's physical level
They view me as being somebody that's, I go around, hey, last week, this week, Texas, North Carolina, Florida, South Carolina, back to Washington
Let's go here, let's go there, let's go everywhere
Meetings all the time
I think I've answered more questions from these maniacs than any president in history
And mean questions
I watched Biden yesterday, so he hasn't answered questions in what, two months or something
And yesterday he took a couple and they were set ups like I've never seen
One young woman who I think is there, one young woman is smiling, Hi, Hi, Hi, Hi
I just like to ask you, I'm sorry to bother you with this question
It's the most incredible
So the doctor wrote a letter saying, No, this rumor is wrong
And I don't like, rumors like that
And by the way, if it were a fact, it's fine, it should
I think it's an important thing
But if it's not true, my wife was like, she came to me, she said, I think I would have known that
I said, Yeah, I think they would have known it too, because they drove back with me
The press follows me, they have a special deal, and then they followed me and then we go in, we go out
But if you remember, last time, I go in, I spend a little time, a physical like we all have
Hopefully you have them
Good thing to have I guess, as long as they give you a good answer
If they give you a bad answer don't bother, possibly too late
But I go in, I come out a couple of hours later I guess, whatever it is, it's a short time later, I get into the car, the press sees me get into the car
On my way home, I get a call from my wife, the First Lady who's very popular
Do we like our First Lady? Very popular, great person, great woman
She said, Darling, are you okay? I go, Why do you ask? She said, They're reporting that you had a heart attack
Now you have to understand I'm driving in a car, which is about what? Six cars in front of the press, because they have a big car
They're a lot of them and we try and give them as little room as possible, make it uncomfortable
But they're right behind me
So they know I got in and CNN reported that I had a heart attack
That was the same visit, and that didn't work
No it's unbelievable
CNN reported I had a heart attack so my wife was concerned
I said, No, not that I know of
And if I did, I think I'd be back there
No
I'll be home in 15 minutes, darling
Thank you for caring
It's always nice
It's always nice
She sounded relieved
That's good
When your wife sounds relieved
But she said,  I wonder how that happened
Why did they do that? Because they're fake news
So I go in and that rumor lasted for a little while, like a day or two
It lasted for a little while, no matter what I did
I'm in the same motorcade, I go in, and I go out
They know I'm in the motorcade, I actually have to report it, but I'm in the motorcade, and they said I had a One of them said it was a massive heart attack
Think of it
Again, it could happen someday, okay? And when it does, I hope things work out
But they knew I'm in the motorcade and yet they reported it anyway because they fake news
Now for the same visit, that was the stupidest thing
From now on, when I go for a physical or something or go to the hospital, announce it because this was a quick thing
The doctor, he got me in a lot of trouble
He's a great doctor
I said, No more surprise visits to the hospital where we do a little work because we have some time
So now the same visit they started yesterday because some joker from the New York Times who's a third grade reporter writes a book and he said, The vice president was prepared to take over the reins because they thought the president was going to go, I guess, under anesthesia
Do they still call it? In the old days they called it anesthesia
It's essentially the same thing
I don't want to get into a situation like where Biden used a record player
Remember that? You go home, you turn on your record player
But the anesthesia
And I said, How could that be? So remember, this is the same visit, same visit
They said heart attack a long time
All of a sudden out of this book
And he said, Suffered mini strokes
Now they get a letter from the White House doctor that said it's totally false, totally false
But they still go with it, they go with it
And they know I'm in the group with them coming back
And I don't know much about a mini stroke, but I assume Mr
Congressman, if you have a mini stroke, you're not heading back to the White House, right? At least you'll spend a couple of nights at that great hospital, right? So anyway, these are really dangerous people
They are so bad for our country
If we had honest press, it would be so great for the USA
It would be so great
They're just a bunch of phony people
Not all of them
You have some very good ones, like about 10%
No, you have some very good ones, you have some great journalists, they know it's phony stuff
They're doing anything they can to get this sleepy guy into the White House and I just don't think the public is going to fall for it
I don't think the public is going to fall for it
In his best days, 25, 30 years ago, he was weak
He was weak
As a Senator, he was weak
He was not known as being one of the smart ones and now it's not exactly primetime, I can tell you that
I just want to announce tonight because we're joined with some very, very special warriors and Dan Meuser, Dan, thank you very much
Great job you're doing
Dan, Congressman
He's a Congressman who have really been warriors for me
You really have been
Thank you very much Dan
Fred Keller, Fred, thank you
Great job, Fred
The great John Joyce
Great, thank you, John
Guy Reschenthaler
Do you know him? Guy Reschenthaler
what are you doing over there? What happened? You don't get along with these guys? Oh, okay
That's good
Now I understand
That's good
Glenn Thompson
Great job, great job Glenn, really great
And a real good friend of mine, right from the beginning, right, Mike? We were in Pennsylvania and a friend of ours, a Congressman, longterm, right? From Kentucky
No, from actually Tennessee came up to us, I was getting ready to make a speech, and Tennessee is very early voting
Remember what he said? This was four years ago
He said, I don't know what's happening in Pennsylvania
I don't know what's happening in the rest of the country
But if what's going on in the rest of the country is like what's going on in Tennessee? He said, They're coming from the Hills, the roadsides, the rivers
He said they're coming, people that never really cared to vote, they're great Americans, but they never wanted to vote for the people that they were seeing
He said, They're miles long
They've got Trump here, Trump hats, Trump pins, right? Tennessee
Duncan, Congressman Duncan, right? Remember that Mike? That was the first time
I mean, they said that they'd never seen anything like it
Tennessee has been incredible by the way
So Mike and I listened and we said, I wonder what that's all about
But it is true
People that weren't really political people, they're coming in, and the deal here, like the Miss Universe, good old Miss Universe, right? Like this, they came with hats, they came with pins, they're loaded with pins
One person had hundreds of pins
They never would've had a pin in their life, but they love the job that we've done and we're going to do it even better in the next four years
Another great friend of mine who's a tough cookie and a great Congressman
But unfortunately he's a former because he's just, I don't know
, He's just a special guy and really has a big, beautiful heart, Lou Barletta, Lou
You look good Lou
Why don't you run again Lou? And a man who is tough
There's this guy
You ever hear of a guy named Conor Lamb? He's like a lamb
So we heard, because he's in sort of a Trumpy area, right? And we heard that he's going to be for Trump, but he's going to be fighting for Trump
I saw some of his commercials, I thought he was a Republican, right? Except when he got to Washington, he voted with Pelosi a hundred percent of the time
Craziness
He voted with craziness
And so we thought, this Conor lamb guy, he even voted to impeach your president over nothing
Zero
Zero
And that's very personal
When they do that, that's personal
And I have to say congressmen, 196 to nothing they stuck with us and so did the Senate other than Romney
You can have Romney I think
Remember he was walking with the Black Lives Matter saying, Yes, I'm a member of Black Lives Matter
Everyone said, That's nice
Wonderful
He had a lot of mask on, I'll tell you that
But we did a great job, it was an amazing thing
But this Conor Lamb was out there fighting it, and he shouldn't have done that
And we have somebody that blows him away
He's more of a hero, he's tougher, he's stronger, he's smarter, he's better looking, not that, that matters
Under the me too generation, I don't talk about looks anymore
Looks don't matter
Doesn't make any difference
I don't talk about looks
Me too
Me too generation
But I'll tell you, this man is something special
He's a real hero, a real tough guy, and he'll never let you down, Sean Parnell
Just remember that Conor lamb, and I remember, because he's like a lamb, he's like a little lamb
Weak, got a lot of weak people
We like strong people, don't we? We like strong people
We need strong people right now
We have somebody else in the audience who served as my Secretary of Energy and he was incredible
He was the Governor of Texas for what? 12 years I think
Rick right? 12? Tell me
14? 14 years he was
And he was an incredible governor, and he was an incredible secretary, and he's been an incredible friend
Rick Perry everybody
There was nobody that got into the race tougher than Rick
What he said about me, I'll never repeat again
Even my own family didn't like me when he got finished
And when he decided that I would be the one, he got out and there's nobody that's said better things about me
But you're great Rick, and you did a fantastic job
Every place you've been, you've been great
Thank you very much
Rick Perry
Thank you
Hey Rick, how are we doing in Texas? 00, the polls closed and they only announce if you're way ahead
So they say, The polls have closed in the great state of Texas, Donald Trump has won the great state of Texas
 Hillary even beat this guy
Hillary
Hillary came in second in Utah
This week my administration reached a breakthrough agreement to stop additional steel imports from Brazil and from Mexico for the rest of the year despite the USMCA, sometimes they get a little carried away and we have to do a little tariff action on them
So we stopped that
We're reversing decades of the Biden betrayals that decimated Pennsylvania jobs, you know that
This state lost, listen to this, one in three manufacturing jobs after the twin disasters of NAFTA and China's entrance into the World Trade Organizations, one of the worst things that happened, when China came in
They were flat-lined for many years, then they came into this crazy deal
They're considered a developing nation, you see I've been sort of protesting that like, but they're considering China as a developing nation, you get all sorts of things that you would never get, advantages over the United States
Well we have very strongly protested that
They're not a developing nation, they're a very powerful developed nation, and you know what? They got to pay what everyone else has to pay
Earlier this year I kept my promise to the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania when we ended the NAFTA nightmare and signed the brand new U
S
-Mexico-Canada agreement into law which is in effect now and really doing well
Everyone said it will never happen, and I had great help from these gentlemen right here
I took the toughest ever action to stand up to China's pillaging, plundering and rampant theft of Pennsylvania and many other places, jobs
That's all throughout the world by the way but our states have been just pillaged by China and others
Joe Biden's agenda is made in China, my agenda is made in America
After years and years of rebuilding other countries, we are finally rebuilding our country, it's called America First
We're America First, that's enough, and we're bringing our soldiers back home
You see what's going on
After 19 years in Afghanistan, far away places, to bring hope to our inner cities, I created opportunity zones, Tim Scott, great senator from South Carolina worked on it with me
Passed criminal justice reform, delivered permanent funding for historically black colleges and universities that Obama would never do and before the China virus we achieved the lowest African-American, Hispanic-American, Asian-American unemployment rates ever recorded by far
And they're now heading back in that direction quickly
Democrat politicians have failed the black community for decades, they've failed the Asian community, the Hispanic community
They failed women
The numbers on women's unemployment were the best in 61 years
Biden spent the last 47 years betraying the American people
He was always for things that you wouldn't want and now he's changing, No, I never said that
I never said that
I've spent the last four years keeping my promises and delivering for the African-American community and for all communities and the best is yet to come
Perhaps in no area have our opponents more thoroughly betrayed working families of all backgrounds and on the subject of immigration, we've been fighting for that
Under my administration we achieved the most secure border in American history
We ended catch and release, stopped asylum fraud, and we've deported 20,000 gang members and we get them out and we get them out fast
Thank you ICE
ICE and Border Patrol
ICE and Border Patrol
They don't like ICE because ICE is, they're tough
You got to be tough in that job by the way
Anybody up here like to work in ICE? I don't think so
Let's see, you could probably be okay but you'd rather do what you're doing, right? I agree with you
These are tough guys, they have to be tough
These are bad, bad gang members
I mean you look at MS-13, you look at what's happened with MS-13, you look at  We get them the hell out
Sometimes we have to put them in prison because we don't even want to take a chance, they can come back in after what they've done, we had thieves, we had some very bad people in the VA and they're all gone
Thank you, I love you too, thank you
Thank you
Such friendly voices
Quite beautiful
Only in Pennsylvania, right? Thank you
I withdrew from the last administration's disastrous Iran nuclear deal, think of this
Obama paid $150 billion for a short-term deal
He gave $1
8 billion in cash
You ever see a million dollars like at a casino floor or something in $100 bills? It's a lot, it's like the size of this, right? Now think $1
8 billion
How did you guys allow that to happen? They said we all voted against it
I kept my promise, recognized the true capital of Israel
You never know nowadays, right? And I opened the U
S
embassy in Jerusalem
I recognized Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights
They've been trying to get that done for 52 years, I got it done immediately
By the way, as far as the capital of Israel, Jerusalem, they've been talking about many, many presidents
They all promised it, nobody did it
I did it
We get things done, and we just did something that is incredible
Even the New York Times gave it good reviews, not good reviews, beyond good reviews
Tom Friedman gave it phenomenal reviews, you believe that? That's we achieved the first breakthrough in Middle East peace in decades, a deal with Israel and the UAE
It's a deal with Israel and the UAE and that's going to lead and I'm going to tell you we have representatives over right now and other people are saying we want to get in that deal
You'll have peace in the Middle East
We want to get the hell out
Let's get them all back
Let's get thel all back
Don't forget, we're energy independent
There used to be a reason
Now we do have a reason, it's called Israel, and we have some very good partnerships over there
In all fairness we have some countries that have treated us very well and we're going to take care of those countries, but we are energy independent for the first time and that's a very good feeling
Our military has never been stronger than it is now
It's new and it's beautiful and I told you we took over 100% of the ISIS caliphate in Iraq and Syria and we killed the founder and leader of ISIS al-Baghdadi, and separately, we killed the world's number one terrorist, number one terrorist for decades and decades, Qasem Soleimani
We killed Soleimani
It's a big step for the Middle East
We kept America out of wars
Remember they always said, Oh, this Trump
He's radical, he's really, I mean he's off the  He's too radical
He'll get us in wars
I kept us out of wars, what happened with North Korea? Look, I get along with Kim Jong-un
They say, That's terrible he gets along
No it's good if I get along
If I get along with Russia, is that a good thing or a bad thing? I think it's a good thing
These guys only fight to tie, they don't fight to win, you fight to win
You look at what's happening where they're all coming back home
I even reduced in Germany because Germany, they're an ally, but you know, they took advantage of us very badly on trade and very badly with our military
So we removed a lot of soldiers out of Germany
They're not happy, they said, This is going to hurt our economy
Well it's good for our economy, okay? They thought it was going to hurt the German economy
Well, they don't treat us right, they don't pay their bills, they're delinquent
You know what delinquent is? They're delinquent
They don't pay their bills
We protect them, they don't pay their bills
We got to do something and they treat us horribly on trade through the European Union which basically they run
Together we've been rapidly fixing a half a century of disasters and Biden was there for every one of them
Joe Biden supported NAFTA, China's entry into the World Trade
He supported the Korean deal, the Korean deal was so bad, it was so bad
This was a deal that was going to produce to South Korea done by Crooked Hillary Clinton, this was a deal that was going to produce 250,000 jobs
She said,  This will be 250,000, and she was right, for South Korea
It produced 250,000 jobs
For us, we got nothing
We got losses, we got nothing
It was a terrible deal, I renegotiated, now it's a good deal
They also gave and want to give mass amnesty for illegal aliens
Biden supported cutting Social Security
He voted for the Iraq War, he opposed the mission to take out Osama bin Laden
He opposed the killing of Soleimani, when I did that, he said, That's a terrible thing
That's a terrible thing
Everybody in the Middle East, they couldn't believe it
They celebrated, some of them quite quietly I must add
Sign your mail-in ballot
You sign it and send it in and then you have to follow it and if on Election Day or early voting, that is not tabulated and counted, you go vote, and then if for some reason after that, it shouldn't take that long, it comes in, they're not going to be able to tabulate it because you will have voted
But you have to make sure your vote counts because the only way they're going to beat us is by doing that kind of stuff
I'm trying to be nice
I'm trying to be nice
They want to send out congressmen 80 million ballots
Now there have been many races over the last year where they've done this and they've been a disaster
You look at New York, they had a congressional race, not a very good congresswoman, very untalented, I know her well, I lived in New York
She's not got much going
They have no idea what the vote is, I think 20% of the ballots were missing and then they declared her the winner and the other guy said, What about me? He's not too happy, her opponent
You look at what happened in Paterson, New Jersey, you look at what happened in Virginia, you look at what happened  There's not a race, and these are small, these are easy to control
they want to send out 80 million unsolicited, I like it much better, they used to say universal, they used to say live ballots, I like the word unsolicited, and solicited
Solicited is okay, because that's when you're asking and you want it and you send in the necessary paperwork and documentation and you get the ballot and you fill it out, that's okay
But you can't, this whole thing with the unsolicited, unsolicited means you're sitting there
We have a big enthusiasm edge, but when they throw these things in your face and the lists are inaccurate and people are dead and dogs have gotten ballots, they have
Dogs have gotten ballots and they know I'm right and everybody knows I'm right and they say I'm right behind the closed doors and it's a disgrace, what they do to our country
80 million unsolicited ballots
People that had no idea
People that weren't going to vote in all fairness
It's really unfair because our people have enthusiasm, they're going out to vote
They're all going out to vote
Everybody here going to vote? Everybody? They have no enthusiasm
So I said, So that's unfair
That guy walks and then they'll have somebody knock on the door, say, Listen, I would like your ballot
I don't want to vote
I don't care about Biden
I'm a Democrat
I don't care about this guy
Well look, where is it? Here take it, blah blah blah
 They even have a provision where you don't have to verify signatures
What is going on? And they have another provision in some states where you can harvest, that's where you grab them all together and drop them
In Nevada, they actually have a provision where they don't have to be counted until seven days after the election
So that means if we have a close election, could be close, I hope it's not, I hope we have a landslide like you've never seen
But if we have a close election that means Nevada has the right to, and I love Nevada, I think we're going to win Nevada, except where they're sending all these hundreds of thousands, millions of unsolicited ballots to people in Nevada and people that probably left a long time ago
It's very unfair, it's very unfair, but think of it
They have seven days after the election
Did you know that Mike? Seven days, what does that mean? I want to see the results of the election on November 3
By the way, if it's anything like these other events, it could go on forever
I mean the congressional race which they just gave up and they declared her a winner which they should not have done, they should make that a do-over and I think in Paterson they have a do-over
I think they're going to do it over because it was just ripe with fraud, theft
People were selling ballots, people were selling ballots, and you know they talk about Russia
They're so worried about Russia
What about sending out 80 million ballots? That's your real problem, and if Russia or China or these other countries want to cheat, all they have to do is forge ballots
It's much easier than the way they have to go about it, right? So we have to put pressure on these people
Now the good news is we have a lot of court cases we have won in Pennsylvania, you know that, right? We have two judges, we have a state judge, we have a federal judge
I think both highly qualified judges from what I understand, I hear that they're not too happy about what they're seeing
So we'll see what happens
We're going to see what happens
The lawyers feel very confident but we have to win those cases but what you have to do is send in your early ballot and then go and make sure that ballot is tabulated or counted, and if it's not counted, vote, and then they have the job, if it comes in late, and if it's not too late, they have the job of making sure that they don't count it
But follow that ballot because these people, they'll be lost, they'll be gone, the numbers are incredible where they're 25 and 30% off, 20% off
Follow your ballot
When I banned travel from China, Biden called it hysterical and xenophobic
If we had listened to Sleepy Joe hundreds of thousands of more Americans would have died
You know that
You know he always gets up today, COVID-19, COVID-19
I say, Joe, look
We got a country, and I agree with that and we've done a hell of a job
We've done a hell of a job
If you look at some of our numbers
You got to start talking about the economy and you got to start talking, your place, I mean this is  When you look at Pennsylvania, you're in a shutdown
You have a governor that has you shut down we know the susceptible are old people, senior citizens, nursing homes
People that are old, especially if they have heart problems or if they have diabetes
We know that, we learned it, and we opened it up
But the problem these shutdowns are causing much bigger problems
You remember my original statement, right? The cure can't be greater
It was an original statement that a lot of people picked up but it's so true
You have to open up this commonwealth, it has to be opened up
It has to be opened up now
But there's what I think they're doing, because you have the same thing in New York
We have a governor in New York who is 36,000 people died, 11,000 people in a nursing home because he made a mistake
He made a horrible mistake, and I built him a convention center with 2,800 beds and they didn't use it and I sent up a ship, a great hospital ship, a massive hospital with hundreds and hundreds of rooms and they didn't use it and he requested it and then I said, You're not using it
Why aren't you using it? He could have put those people in the convention center in the hospital ship
What a shame how long can you do this for? Restaurant, poor guys
You can't, how long can you do this for? The people are going to lose their jobs
They're never going to open again
It's not like the restaurants is the greatest business in the world
It's a hard business
New York is closed
You're closed
North Carolina's closed
Michigan's  all Democrats
Let me tell you, what's going to happen on November 4th
They're going to announce their opening
They're doing this for political reasons
They are
Right, John? They're doing it for political reasons because they want our numbers to look as bad as possible, going into November 3rd, election day
Then as soon as the election's over with, win, lose or draw for them, they're going to open it
They got nothing
You know what? It's a shame what they're doing
For political reasons, they'll be open
You'll be open on November 4th, but you know what? From your standpoint, it's very close to the election
It's very far if you have a restaurant, and you can't open your restaurant
You can't open your store
It's a disgrace and they ought to get together
They ought to do it
These are Democrat governors in all instances and Democrat mayors
When the China virus arrived, we launched the largest national mobilization since World War II
Thanks to the life- saving therapies that we pioneered, the mortality rate has been reduced by 85% since April
Think of that
We've achieved among the lowest case fatality rates of any major country, anywhere in the world
You never hear that from the fake news
They don't want to talk to you about it
This is a big country
This is a tougher country to do that with, the European Union's case fatality rate is nearly three times higher than ours
If you look now, Spain is having a big blow up
France is having a big blow up
Now, we've done a great job, we haven't been given credit for it
He always starts off, COVID-19
That's all he knows
COVID-19
I said, What about the economy? What about jobs? What about all the other things we have to do? All he does, he thinks it's a weak spot, and actually in theory, if we're getting a fair shake from those people back there, it's actually what the job we've done is actually a strong spot
That includes you people, with the ventilators that nobody had
Nobody that needed a ventilator, didn't get a ventilator
Now we're supplying them all over the world
Altogether, the nations of Europe have experienced a 30% greater increase in excess mortality than the United States
Think of that
You don't hear these numbers
Cases in the US have declined by 28% nationwide over the last month, and hospitalizations and deaths have declined radically over the last week
Three vaccines are in final stage of clinical trials
Would have taken two years for another president
I was going to say a normal president, but they'll hit me with  A little truth to that too
Now, but for another president, especially, in the last administration, they had the H1N1 pandemic
It was called Swine flu
You know, Joe always calls it the N1H1
He gets it mixed up
No, it's the H1N1, Joee
Not that it matters, I guess
No
Do you ever notice, he's always calling it the other
He calls it the opposite
He has no clue where he is, but he keeps saying, Oh, if he was, well he didn't want the ban China, and we saved hundreds of thousands of lives by banning China
I was the only one that wanted to do it, actually
Then we banned Europe because I saw what was happening in Italy and Spain and France
We banned Europe
We saved hundreds of thousands
If I didn't do the closing and the opening, so we're at 175,000, far too  look, one is too much because this was given to us by China, and it's a disgrace
It's a disgrace
They could have stopped it
They stopped it from going into China, but not going to the rest of the world, including our country
It's a disgrace
But think of it
Joe Biden got the worst marks you've ever seen for his handling of the H1NI Swine flu
They said it was incompetent, and the head guy, who now he's trying to retract
It's a little tough
That's one great thing about the tape
He said it was horrible
He said, we did a horrible job
He said, they got lucky
It's not contagious like this
We got, this is a tough one
I can look at that guy and he'll catch it
Right there, and he's very far away from me
It's a tough one, because it's so contagious
I tell you what, our Vice-President, Mike Pence, and the task force, headed up by Mike and working along with a lot of great people, they've done a fantastic job and they just get no credit
If I was a Democrat, a different president, and they did the same job, they'd say it was one of the greatest jobs they've ever seen
But take a look at what they say about the way they handled the Swine flu
It was a disaster
It was incompetent
They called themselves incompetent
They call, and now they're coming in like, well, we would have done this and Biden by the way, was against, you remember, xenophobic, racist, because I closed down China
Then two months later, two and a half, three, and Nancy Pelosi was having dances in Chinatown, right? A month later
No, no problem
I was way ahead
Then Biden comes out and he actually said that I was right, but they said, Don't say that, try doing it a little softer than that
He did it a little bit softer, but we were right
They were wrong
They handled it so badly
Just take a look, because we, I said to my people, We've got to fight this a little bit differently because we're getting a lot of fake news, a lot of bad people saying things, and you look at the stats and you look at how we've done compared to really much easier and much smaller countries, it's amazing
If you took New York out of it, which was a disaster by Cuomo, if you took New York out of those numbers, we would have numbers that would be even better than they are
I could read numbers that would be even much better, because a big percentage of the people that died in this country died because New York was incompetently run by Mayor de Blasio and Governor Cuomo
By the way, just today, there's another credible thing happening
Pfizer, great company, announced that it expects to have the results of its vaccine trials in a matter of weeks, very shortly
Incredible
Under Operation Warp Speed, we remain on track to produce a safe and effective vaccine, in that record time that we talked about
This would have been years later
It'll be delivered before, in my opinion, before the end of the year, but it really might even be delivered before the end of October
How do you like that? Wouldn't that be nice? That would be nice
You know why? Not because of the electric
It'll be nice because we want to save people
That's why it'll be nice
That's the important thing
Together, we will defeat the virus
The job we're doing is, the job that all of the people working on it, our generals, our admirals, the distribution, we bought billions and billions of dollars of things, and now we make gowns and we make masks and we make shields and we make ventilators
Very tough
The ventilator's very complicated, very big, very expensive
It's like, I made the statement, it's like building a car, but more sophisticated
They said, No, it's not
They said, they took a ventilator
They took it apart
These people are the worst, the worst
Over the next four years, we'll make America into the manufacturing superpower of the world, and we will end our reliance on China once and for all
That's what we'll do
Let me just tell you something
If they didn't waste a year and a half of my life on a ridiculous impeachment, based on a phone call that was perfect, this stuff would have all been done
Would have all been done, truly
It would have all been done
Yet, with all of this stuff, the fake Russia witch hunt, the fake Ukraine
How about that? Did anybody read the transcript of that call? It was a perfect call
Hey, congratulations
Good luck
It was like a perfect call
Now they'll take it back and they'll say, Well, I don't know
This was a per  In history, there's never been anything like this
It was a totally lopsided, 100% political witch hunt, and it goes on and on
These are bad people
I really believe they don't love our country
I watched Nancy Pelosi
You must wear your mask
You have to wear your mask, and we're going to keep every beauty salon closed in California and all over the country
Then I see a picture
I say, Nancy Pelosi
Well, where's the mask? I'll tell you what
She must have treated that beauty salon owner pretty badly
She uses the salon and the salon turned her in? The salon turned her in
I don't think I would have turned her in
I would've said, Well, you know, she's a customer
I got to take care of my customers, right? But she made them open, and the salon turned her in and the salon did business with her
How much do they hate Nancy Pelosi? Then she made a terrible mistake because you want people that can't be set up
She said, I was set up
I was set up by the salon owner
I was set up
I said, Tell me she didn't say that, please
I just put out, that if she was set up, then she shouldn't be leading the House of Representatives
I want the salon owner to lead the House of Representatives, because she set up  Think of it
She set up the Speaker of the House
That was a big mistake
As soon as I heard, she said, Well, she's sent me up, Nancy, you're not supposed to get set up
You're representing our country
You know what she should have done honestly? She should have said, I made a mistake, sorry, and nobody would be talking about, this is like the biggest story
This is the big, crazy Nancy, highly overrated person
Let me just say she is a highly overrated person
They give her such good play
She is a highly overrated person
Look, they just turned off a camera because they don't want me saying that
Just in closing, we will rapidly return to full employment, soaring wages and record prosperity
We will hire more police, increased penalties for assault on law enforcement
Surge federal prosecutors into high-crime communities and ban sanctuary cities
We will appoint prosecutors, judges, and justices who believe in enforcing the law, not their own political agenda
We will uphold religious liberty, free speech and the right to keep and bear arms
We will strike down terrorists who threaten our citizens
We will not let them threaten our citizens, and we will keep America out of endless foreign wars
We will end surprise medical billing
We don't want surprise medical billing
You know what happens? It's terrible, but we have ended it
Also, we've signed something that's incredible
You're going to see
Some people say it's bigger than healthcare, and I signed it
Unfortunately it takes place on January 1st
You better elect me
You better elect me
It's called price transparency
I said to my people at the end of the day, what is price transparency? This is going to lower your prices by 50%
You'll be able to negotiate
You'll be able to do things you're not even allowed to do now, with hospitals, with doctors
You get better doctors, you get lower prices
I said, When does it start? It's a complicated  Oh, did I get, I was fought
You have no idea
Right fellows? You have fought too
But they fought me on this price transparency
It's bigger than healthcare, could be bigger than healthcare
But I said, When does it start? They said, Sir, we have it all set
When? January 1st, I said, I'd better win this election, because you're going to see some unbelievable price reductions
That includes on drugs, because we're reducing health insurance premiums massively, and the cost of prescription drugs went down the first time in 51 years, last year
But now it's going to go down very big, because we did a favorite nation's clause
I see the drug companies are, they're killing me with ads
They have nothing but cash
They have nothing but money
They're spending because they can't believe  Germany and other countries pay much less than we do
We want to have, what we have to have, is we have to have a comparison of prices
That's what it is called, favored nation clause
I instituted a favorite, so we're paying $2
50 for a pill, and some nation is paying 25 cents for the same exact pill from the same factory, right? We get the 25 cent price
So, what's going to happen that'll go up
Ours will come way down
They can't believe it
The drug companies can't believe, and I will tell you, Mark Meadows is here, our Chief of Staff
Where's Mark? They want to negotiate
They called
We signed it
It's all done
They want to negotiate and they are negotiating, so let's see what happens, but we're going to get you cuts on prescription drugs, the likes of which you've never seen
We'll protect Medicare and Social Security
They will not be able to protect it
It will always protect patients with preexisting conditions, always
America will land the first woman on the moon and the United States will be the first nation to land an astronaut on Mars
When I took over, NASA was dead
Now it's the most vibrant space center in the world, by far
We will restore patriotic education to our schools and we'll teach our children to love our country, honor our history and always respect our great American flag
We will live by the timeless words of our national motto, In God, We Trust
For years, you had a president who apologized for America
Now you have a president who is standing up for America and standing up for the great people of Pennsylvania us
It's where the army weathered its brutal winter at Valley Forge, and where General George Washington, who, by the way, they want all of the name, Washington removed from everything
I haven't been keeping up with it
What did he do? George Washington, they want the name off
Congressman are we okay showing  I don't think you liked that idea too much
George Washington
They want his name off everything, but we'll keep it
I promise you this
As long as you canceled culture, you better have a strong president
Canceled culture
George Washington, can you believe? But he led his men on a daring mission across the Delaware
This is the Commonwealth where our union was saved by the heroes of Gettysburg and where generations of tough, strong Pennsylvania workers, mined the coal, worked the railroads, forged the steel that made America into the greatest and most powerful nation in the history of world
That's in the history of the world and we are making it greater than it's ever been before
That's what's going to happen
Proud citizens like you, helped build this country, and together we are taking back our country from these very, very deranged people
We are returning power to you, the American people
With your help and your devotion and your drive, we are going to keep on working
We are going to keep on fighting and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning
We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God
America will soon be thriving like never before
Next year will be the greatest economic year in the history of our country, and together we will work very hard
The people of Pennsylvania, the great, great people of Pennsylvania, where I went to college
It's a place I know very well
But, we will make America wealthy
Again
We will make America strong again
We will make America proud again
We will make America safe again and we will make America great again
Thank you
Thank you, Pennsylvania

Thank you very much and thank you to the original Lee Greenwood
Thank you
Thank you, Lee
Great guy
Well, I just want to say a very big hello, Kentucky? Great place
It's great to be here in the home of a group called the Wildcats
You ever hear the Kentucky Wildcats? By the way, they play at a very big arena
This place
Look at this
Hello, up there? This is incredible
With thousands of proud, hardworking, freedom-loving American patriots, which is what you are
What you are
Tomorrow, the people of Kentucky will head to the polls and you will vote to reelect your terrific Republican governor, Matt Bevin
He's done a fantastic job
He's done a fantastic job
And we're sending a signal by doing that to the rest of the country, to the rest of the world, that the republican party, you know what we stand for
But you see what's happening with the Democrats, they have gone crazy
The do nothing Democrats, and they're not getting it done
Under Republican leadership, the economy is booming, wages are rising, confidence is soaring
Kentucky is thriving like never ever before, and America is stronger than ever before
True
Kentucky's unemployment rate has reached the lowest point in the history of our country
That's not bad
And I want to just tell you that you have incredible representatives, and the job that Matt Bevin has done as governor, he's had to do some things that you had to do
And he's done unbelievably well
It sets you up to be a rocket ship in the future
You had to do it
So I just want to thank him for having the courage to do what he had to do
You have the best numbers you've ever had in the history of the state
And with the help of your Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, we have confirmed 157 judges to follow the constitution as written
We're supporting our police, we're rebuilding our military, we're defeating radical Islamic terrorists like never before
The monsters animal known as Al-Baghdadi is dead
And the man that took his place is dead also
American Special Forces gave the world's number one terrorist a one way ticket to hell
No enemy on earth stands a chance against the awesome power of the United States military, which is now stronger than ever before
We've rebuilt it and it was all made in America
All made in America
And our country is winning again, and our country is highly respected again
But while we are creating jobs and killing terrorists, the radical democrats are going totally insane
They want to obliterate the rule of law, drive out faith from the public square, and you know this, silence you online, confiscate your guns
You better be careful
The Second Amendment very, very important, very precious
They are after your Second Amendment
With us, nobody's touching our Second Amendment
And that includes the gentleman that's running against Matt
They're after your Second Amendment
We can't let that happen
They want to indoctrinate your children, you know this, destroy anyone who calls traditional America American values
All you have to do is ask the boys from Covington Catholic High School
Some of whom are here tonight
The far left wants to impose their authoritarian ideology on the nation, telling you what to think, what to believe and how you should live
They want to erase our traditions, our culture, our history, and our heroes
They want to subjugate you and break you to their will, but Kentucky will never be broken
Kentucky can't be broken
You're too strong and you're too smart
In their craze thirst for power, the democrats are trying to tear our country apart
First, Democrats engineer the Russia hoax, the most egregious fraud ever foisted upon the American people, the Russian hoax
Then they did the Mueller scam
You remember that? The Mueller scam
Two years and they said nothing
And then Mr
Mueller testified
That was a wonderful day for me
You remember last week
I don't know Tulsi Gabbard, but Hillary Clinton said that Tulsi Gabbard is a Russian agent
I don't know Jill Stein
She's a Greenie and that's fine
She's a Greenie, Jill Stein
But Jill Stein was an agent of Russia also
These people are crazy
Now corrupt politicians, Nancy Pelosi and Adam Schiff, they are corrupt
And Nancy, unlike Kentucky, which is doing great, Nancy ought stop wasting time, go back to her district in San Francisco, help the homeless, get rid of the drugs, get rid of the needles that are lying all over the street, and all of the things that are washing into the ocean through their storm sewer system
What's happened is San Francisco and what's happened to so many other places run by the radical left Democrats, it's unbelievable
Los Angeles
You take a look at Los Angeles, looks like a third world city
But go back to Nancy's area, look at what's happened
There's been no place in the country that's gone down like the area that Nancy Pelosi represents
And she's wasting all of her time
And you know what, it's backfiring
You see it
But the media and the democrats have launched an even more brazen assault on our nation, with a deranged hyperpartisan impeachment witch-hunt
Impeachment
Think of it
So today, we just hit the highest number in the history of the stock market
Now, that's hundreds of days
So last week, think of this, in the history of our country, it's never done better
And by the way, that's not rich, that's not poor, that's for everybody
Your 401s, how you are doing? Pretty good, right? Pretty good
People tell me that their wives, their husbands, all of a sudden, they've been running the 401s for years
And they totally lost respect for let's say, the husband, totally lost respect
Now they think he's a financial genius because he's up 74%
She says, darling, I love you
You are the most incredible, brilliant financial mind
And you know what, if the Democrats get in, that's not going down by 50%, that's going down to nothing
It's going to be worthless
It's going to be worthless
You'll have a depression the likes of which you've never seen
Mark my words
But hopefully, we don't have to even think about it
And that was going to happen here
When we took over, that was going down in the wrong direction
And don't forget, that was zero interest
We're paying interest
In other words, people are now getting interest in their money
But that was with zero interest, real easy with zero interest
Last week, the democrats voted to try and nullify the balance of 10s of millions of Americans
To be exact 63 million people, disgracing themselves and bringing shame upon the House of Representatives
They've been plotting to overthrow the election since the first hour that we won
And actually, before we won, they were plotting to overthrow this election
Before we won
19 minutes after I took the oath of office, that disgusting Washington Post, look at all these people back there, look
Fake news media
It's the fake news
Look at all of them
What they don't know is that when we hang it up in 5 years or 9 years, or 13 years, or maybe 17 years, or maybe if I still have the strength, 21 years
See, now they're going crazy
Now they're saying, see, I told you, he was a dictator
He wants to take charge in control of our country
These people are crazy said
The guy goes, well, we're going to fight and we're going to  No, no
He's going to win
You know he's never leaving office, don't you? He's never going to leave office
These people are crazy
They're crazy
But that disgusting newspaper that's right there, The Washington Post, declared the campaign to impeach President Trump has just begun
All right, you can get them out
Be gentle, be gentle
Be very gentle
You know every time I say, get them out of here, I end up getting sued
They say, he hurt my arm
All right
So be very gentle, please
I don't want to get sued
Be very gentle
Very, very gentle
He's going home to mom
Thank you
By the way, do we love our law enforcement? And in the whole world, even on a Monday Night, I like the Monday Nights because I think we're 58 and 0, that's a good record
Even for the Wildcats, that's a good
We're 58 and 0, but even on a Monday Night, is there anything cooler than being at a Trump rally? Nothing can
With last week's vote, the far left has declared war on American democracy itself
These people are lunatics
In the face of these attacks, Republicans are the most unified that I've ever seen, and I've been watching them and been a big part of them for a long time
And the democrats have never witnessed anything like it, and they know they're not going to win in 2020
So let's see what can we do to win, but that's not working too well
You'll see
The American people are fed up with Democrat lies, hoaxes, slander
The Democrats outrageous conduct has created an angry majority that will vote the do nothing democrats the hell out of office soon
Tomorrow, Kentucky has a chance to send the radical Democrats a message
You will vote to reject Democrats extremism, socialism and corruption, and you will vote to reelect Kentucky Governor Matt Bevin who's done a great job
Matt's a veteran
He's a patriot
He's done it all
He's been a very, very successful business leader
He put his whole life at stake to help this state and the job he's done is incredible
Under his leadership, Kentucky has created over 57,000 new jobs, but I helped also
We work together
Now, he is difficult
I have to say, you know, maybe because of the election, but it's okay
Look, he's such a pain, when he needs something for Kentucky like money, like aid, like, he wants me to call one of the many manufacturers now that are coming into Kentucky
Could you call the head of Some company in Japan, please? I say, Matt, do I have to do it? Please, please
But isn't that really what you wanted in a governor? That's what you want
He's such a pain in the ass, but that's what you want
And the job he's done, one of the best in the country
Not the best
He's been incredible
Matt is strong on crime and tough on illegal immigration
Thank you
He's pro-worker, pro-life and 100% Pro-Second Amendment
By the way, you're going to lose your Second Amendment if you vote in Democrats
You think I'm kidding? I see what they're saying
I watch what they're doing
They're calling me all the time
You will lose your Second Amendment as soon  I'm telling you
As sure as you're standing here, is anybody sitting? Nobody ever sits
You can sit if you want
No, just stand
You know what they say in the fake news? Look, you've been standing
Nobody sat? I don't know
Isn't that exciting? Nobody sat
You know what they say? No, you know what they say? They say, Trump only got one standing ovation
Because they stood at the beginning and they never sat down, but they don't say the second part
It's great
Great spirit
You know why? You love our country
And you see what's happening
We have turned this big monster ship
We have turned it around
And we need so badly
You know, it's like you plant a tree
It takes a lot
We have to get those roots to hold
We have the best unemployment numbers in the history of our country, so many things
So many things
The best employment numbers, we have the best of everything
And I think I'm going to count but I think it's like 118
I told you, we have a record stock market today
I think about 100  I'm going to have to check it
Because you know with the fake news, if I'm off by half a point
If it's 117 and not 118, even if I go under, they report it
They say, he didn't tell the truth
It was really 119
But like a lot, over 100, where we had the highest stock market in our history
Think of that
That's incredible
But Matt Bevin has made record investments in education spending for Kentucky students
Education is so important to him
Matt Bevin will defend your Kentucky values
He loves his state
From an all out assault being waged on you from the extreme left
Not good
I can't even imagine, how can you vote for somebody from the extreme left? This guy, Beshear, is a major lefty
You know that, right? Why are we even  Let's just have a good time
Are you sure we need an election tomorrow, Matt? I don't know
How does Kentucky vote for a person  I'm telling you, he will always vote for Pelosi and Schumer and shifty Schiff
How about this guy? How about Schiff
He makes up a conversation
He gets up before the United States Congress
He repeats my conversation with the head of the Ukraine, the new president, a good guy, repeats it
I said, I never said that
He made a horrible statement
It was a total lie
And then I actually wanted to release the actual conversation
And you haven't heard about the whistleblower after that, have you? Because the whistleblower said lots of things that were so good folks, you're going to find out
But these are very dishonest people, shifty Schiff
But Matt's running against these people, and we have to send them a sign because they're dangerous
The radical left named Andy Beshear, who rejects everything Kentucky stands for
That's who they want to win
Beshear has openly pledged to stop the policies of Donald Trump
What are the policies? Take care of our vets, take care of our military
We want jobs
We want companies to stop leaving us
They're not leaving anymore
You see, companies aren't leaving anymore
Have you noticed? Remember years ago before I ever thought of doing this? I mean, when I said let's do this, I said to our great now first lady
I said, Melania, let's give it a shot
And then, one by one, we were doing good
And what we've done, if you remember before we ran, companies were leaving Kentucky, they were leaving, they will go into Mexico
They were going to China, Japan
They were going all over
Any place but Kentucky
You don't read about that at all
Now they're all coming back
They're all coming back
But Beshear wants to shut down your coal, shut down your energy, raise your taxes, and take a giant wrecking ball to the greatest economy in the history of the state of Kentucky
The greatest economy you've ever had, he's going to destroy it
And it won't be long
It'll go very quickly
You know, you're all sitting there
Everybody has good jobs
You don't like it, you go find another job
It's like the choice I got from military
I got you choice too
If you don't like your job, you find another one
You tell the boss, I am getting out of here, I don't like this guy
You go get a better job for more money
Beshear doesn't represent you
He represents the Washington swamp and he's backed by the same people trying to overthrow the last election
Beshear supported crooked Hillary Clinton, and he's funded by the pro-abortion lobby and open borders fanatics
Open borders, let everyone pour right in
Let them all pour right in
Beshear wants to bring sanctuary cities to Kentucky, think of that one
Releasing violent criminals and aliens to terrorize innocent Kentucky families
He wants sanctuary cities
He hasn't learned what's happened
We had a great election a couple of weeks ago in North Carolina
We won two house seats
We were supposed to lose, probably both of them
We won them by a lot
We won them by a lot
And I think we won them because of the Second Amendment, because it's under assault from Democrats
But I think we won also because of sanctuary cities
Because of bad news came out of sanctuary cities, really bad
And I think that was the reason we won both house seats by a lot
Beshear is too liberal, too extreme and too dangerous for the state of Kentucky
Tomorrow, everybody needs to vote, Republican
We got to go Republican all the way
I want to bring up a man, and I'm serious about this
This guy works so hard
He's a great natural talent in business, which you needed
And he straightened it out
And I'll tell you what, he will be one of the truly greats in the history and maybe the greatest in the history of this state
Matt Bevin, come on up Matt
So we're also joined tonight by a very powerful man in Washington, your great Senator Mitch McConnell
Nobody works harder for Kentucky than Mitch
I will tell you, nobody works harder, and frankly, maybe more importantly, nobody works smarter
It's up here
I know a lot of people that work hard
He works smart
When the Democrat arsonists in Washington tried to destroy an innocent man named Brett Kavanaugh, now Justice Brett Kavanaugh, Mitch refused to cave to the left wing mob
And that's what it was, it was a mob
There has never been a man treated so badly in Washington as Judge Kavanaugh, previously Judge, now Justice
We got him in, and he's been great, and he will be great
Mitch confirmed two tremendous Supreme court justices
Mitch helped deliver the largest ever investment in our military and pass VA choice and VA accountability for our amazing veterans
Now, I know Mitch's opponent because they came here
Do you remember last year? Slightly different location, and that's okay, it was still the great state of Kentucky
Because Andy Barr had Amy McGrath, an extreme liberal against him
Andy Barr is here with us tonight, and we're going to introduce him, but he beat her
So she said to herself, Well, you know, I failed in Congress, now let's go for the Senate
She wanted to go to the House, now she wants to go
It's not going to work that way
Extreme liberal, anti-gun, lots of different things
Amy McGrath compared my election, think of this one  It's so insulting
I shouldn't say it
Should I say it? Yeah, why not
No, it's so insulting
You know, you work so hard, you love your country so much, and they get up to say things
She compared it to 9/11, a slander upon our nation
She wants open borders
She supports the impeachment hoax witch hunt like nobody
She wants to get rid of it
She wasn't too happy with me last year
We came in, Andy, and we did a job on her, and this is going to be easy
She was caught telling donors, Democrats, that she is further left than anyone in the history of the State of Kentucky
Is that what you want? It's not what you want
So next November, the state needs to defend its values and vote for a rock-ribbed Kentucky conservative, Mitch McConnell
But we're going to get back to that later
We'll be back many times
We'll be back here many times
Mitch
Where is he? So President Obama left Mitch, and me, and Rand, and all of us, he left 142 openings for judges
You're not supposed to allow any
You don't do that
You know, they say the most important thing a president can do is federal judges, right? Including the Supreme Court, obviously
I came in and I said, How many do we have? They said, How many what, sir? I said, Judge openings
And I thought they'd say none, or one or two
He said, Sir, we have 142
I said, What? I said, Tell me again
He said, We have 142
So Mitch and I and Rand would like to thank very much President Obama, because nobody ever been so generous in their life
Also with us tonight is a great warrior and a great guy, smart, strong, loves your state, and he's really become a good friend of mine
And I'll tell you, he's a little bit different
It's okay
But whenever I've needed him, whenever I needed him, he was always there
It's true
I mean, sometimes like I'd say,  I don't need you to vote, Rand
Good
And he'll vote his own way
He's got that little libertarian touch
That's okay
That's okay
But whenever we need, and I'm not talking about me, I'm talking about we, we need a vote, he's so incredible and he's become a really good friend
I want to have him come up for a second
Rand Paul, your Senator, a great warrior
Wow, that was excellent
Whoa
Wow, thank you
Thank you very much, Rand
Great job
He's a warrior
He's a warrior, I've always said it
Also with us tonight are representatives from your state that are fantastic, a couple from outside your state, but we'll welcome them also, right? But these are also great fighters, great warriors
Hal Rogers
Thank you, Hal
Brett Guthrie
Thank you, Brett
Thomas Massey
Man we just spoke about won a great grace, Andy Barr
James Comer
James, great
And from an incredible state that we won 2016 that Crooked Hillary said she's going to win that state, didn't come too close at winning that state
It's a great state, and we love the people of North Carolina
Congressman Mark Meadows
Along with some of your local great politicians, and a person that's done a really spectacular job
You know, in Michigan, a woman, she just kept going, she just kept going
Reminded me, by the way, of your governor, from the standpoint she never quit
Now, Republicans hadn't won Michigan in many, many years
She called, Could you come again? Could you do it again? Could you come make another speech, please? I said, All right, this is the last one
No, no, no
How about a couple of more? And then Bill Clinton actually told Hillary Clinton, You better get going, something's going on in Michigan
You're going to lose Michigan
You better start going
No, no, no
The polls say everything's good
And we won the great State of Michigan for the first time in many years
And I said, when it came time to picking the Republican Party Chair, head of the RNC, I said, I got to get the woman from Michigan, Ronna McDaniel, to head it up
And when they were saying how sophisticated Hillary Clinton's campaign was  You know, we're not sophisticated, right? I don't think so
Remember all during the  Well, she's got the finest computer technology in the world
Yeah, she paid for it, but she didn't get it
She has really fantastic geniuses
But I had somebody that was a lot better than the people that she had
His name was Brad Parscale, and he's here with us
Campaign Manager
Doing a great job
And our numbers are looking very good
But think of it, we're one day short of a year now
Can you believe it? Less than a year
It begins November 3rd this time
We had that great, great date, oh boy, November 8th remember? Was there ever a day like that in television history? And they have no idea, because when we do hang it up, they're all out of business
They know that
That's why I think that we will get  I expect to get a full, hearty, unbelievable endorsement very soon from the failing New York Times, and from the Amazon Washington Post
You know, before the election started, about a month before I announced that I was going to do this, I said, I'm going to become a politician
I can't believe it
I'm going to become a politician
But I looked at the New York Times, and it was like a little leaflet that you hand out at a grocery store, right? The wind would blow it away
It was dead
I call it the failing New York Times only because eventually it will fail
But we built it up
They do stories  In my entire life, I had a few stories on the front page of the New York Times, and now if I have three or four a day, it's like, Why are they not covering me anymore? And they're all bad
They can take what we did two weeks ago with the number one terrorist in the world, and they make it look as bad as possible
In fact, I love dogs, but they gave the dog full credit
They didn't give me any credit
That's okay
The dog got the credit, and the dog will be coming very shortly, by the way, to the White House
But they'll be endorsing us
And you know, all of these crazy, like CNN with its bad ratings, there goes its red light, it just went off
Their red light just went off
See how it is? Well, it's hard
Look, put yourself in their position
They have it on, their covering, and now they know they're ready to get hit, so they turn it off
I mean, I can't blame them
Their red light just went off
No, but put yourself in CNN's position
Without us  You know, cable was not supposed to be a good business, then we came along
It's not me, it's we
They came from the valleys, they came from everywhere, the cities, they came from places, they're still trying to figure out, Where the hell did all those people come from? It's true
A great Senator from Tennessee, they have early voting, and I was in Pennsylvania making a speech, and he saw me because he had a couple of great Congressman friends from Pennsylvania, and he said, You know, in Tennessee we have very early voting, and I just left, and I've been doing this for 24 years
And I got to be honest with you, I've never seen so many people vote
And these are people, they love our country, they're incredible, they work hard, but they never liked what they were voting for, so they really wouldn't vote
Sounds terrible
But they didn't like anything that they saw
They say, Sir, I'm seeing people, and he said this, come out from the valleys, come out from the mountains, come out from areas that they've never come out
We have lines that are five blocks long at every voting booth and parlor
He said, I can't speak for the rest of the country, but if the rest of the countries like Tennessee, you're going to have the greatest victory in the history of our nation
And that's what happened
That was a great statement
That was a great statement from people from a great state, also
Tomorrow you must elect the entire Republican ticket, from governor on down, including your next Lieutenant Governor, Ralph Alvarado
Ralph Alvarado
Great, Ralph
You're a good man
And your next Attorney General, Daniel Cameron
Should I bring Daniel up? Get up here, Daniel, come on
Here's a star
Here's a star
Mr
President, I hope you can tell that Kentucky is Trump country
We are proud to stand with you on pro-life issues, and here in the Commonwealth, we are going to stand up for those who cannot speak for themselves
And Mr
President, we are going to stand with you in protecting the Second Amendment rights of all Kentuckians
And Mr
President, I make a personal commitment to you as the next Attorney General, we are going to make sure that Kentucky is never a sanctuary state
Good
That's good
Thank you, Daniel
Thank you, Daniel
Star
A star is born
A star is born
Did you ever see that movie, A Star is Born? Thank you, Daniel
Great
You're next Secretary of State, Michael Adams
Thanks, Michael
Auditor, Mark Harmon
Thank you, Mark
Treasurer, Allison Ball
She's doing great
And Agriculture Commissioner, Ryan Quarles
With the help of everyone here, America is the hottest economy anywhere in the world, by far
Foreign leaders come in to see me, Congratulations on your economy
China's doing poorly, as you know, but they're paying us billions, and billions, and billions of dollars, and they've never given us 25 cents before
Billions of dollars
They gave a lot of that money to our farmers, who got targeted, but no longer
They're back buying from our farmers
But we've created 6
7 million new jobs since the election
And if I would have ever said that during the campaign, the fake news back there would have never let me hear the end of it
Think of that, 6
7
And today, just today, a record, 158 million Americans are now employed, the highest level of employment in our country's history
African American unemployment just dropped to the lowest level ever recorded in the history of our country
Hispanic American and Asian American unemployment rates have also reached the all time historic lows
The history of our country
Hourly earnings, listen to this, are up 9% since the election
Nobody ever thought that was going to be happening
Under the previous two administrations, we lost 60,000 factories
I thought that was a typo
I said, How the hell can you lose 60,000? It turned out to be right
And you know how I know? Because I've been saying it for two years, and they never corrected me
It's true, two years
I get a call sometimes from the people in the campaign, Sir! Sir, we have an emergency
What's the emergency? Somebody's calling from the media, the fake news
Did you put a comma in the wrong location, sir? Because they consider it to be a front page story
Okay
Under my administration, we've added nearly 10,000 new factories and many, many more thousands of factories are coming into our country
We reversed it
To get relief to working families, we passed massive tax cuts, massive
To lift up distressed communities, our tax law created opportunity zones
Tim Scott of South Carolina was so involved, including 144 designated by your great governor
By the way, the other governor
I don't think  Well, I don't know
You know? He's not going to do so well
He'll be calling for a meeting, and I won't be able to see him because I don't like him very much
But I like this one very much, and we're going to help him
We slashed a record number of job-killing regulations
We ended the war on American energy
We're now the largest producer of energy anywhere in the world
And we ended the war on beautiful clean coal
I announced the withdrawal of the United States from the horrible, costly, one-sided Paris Climate Accord
Ask them how they're doing in Paris with it
Not too good
I canceled the so called Clean Power Plan, and repealed Obama's federal coal moratorium
We're putting our great miners back to work
On trade, we're starting to set records every week, we're reversing decades of Washington disloyalty, stupidity, and corruption
Past administrations did nothing as China looted our factories, and stole up to $500 billion of American dollars
By the way, people can't even believe it
Not 500 million
That's a lot
If you lost 500 million, that's a lot
I thought that was another typo
$500 billion they would take a year from us
We rebuilt China
And I give them a lot of credit, by the way, I give China
What I don't give credit to is Obama and past administrations beyond Obama, I don't give them credit because they let it happen
They should have never let it happen
But now we're taking in tens of billions, and billions, and billions of dollars
Just recently, very slow, Slippy Joe  Biden that is, said of China's piracy and plunder, They're not that bad, folks
He always used the word folks
I watched him today, he used the word folks
Hi folks
Hi
Hi, My time is up
I got to leave
No, they have him all freaked out because he makes a mistake every time he speaks
So I can just see these handlers, because they're handlers, like they use on horses, they're handlers, right? All right, get him off now
He's been up there long enough
So they're screaming, Get off, get off! Sleepy Joe, get off the stage, please
Please Joe, you're doing fine
Joe, you're doing fine
You're doing fine
And then he goes, I love being in Ohio, but he was in Iowa yesterday
Yes sir
And they say, Dammit, he should have left sooner, we told him
Get off the stage, Sleepy Joe
Sleepy Joe, get off the damn stage
But he said about, Sleepy Joe, about China, They're not that bad, folks
They're not really competition for us
No, they're not
500 billion a year, right? He did nothing in eight years, him and Obama
In fact, I'm here because of them, when you think about it
Right? Just thinking
I'm here because of them
Kellyanne Conway, stand up, Kellyanne
Stand up
Another warrior
I just saw Kellyanne
I said stand up
No, but think of it, as somebody saying that
Now look, $1
5 billion that Hunter, who got thrown out of the Navy, who had no experience, who had not anything, got a lot of money from Ukraine, but he got 1
5 billion from China, I got to tell you, I've been negotiating with China, they're very tough
China
I got to tell you, I've been negotiating with China
They're very tough
That is not the same group of Chinese people that I've been negotiating with
They gave him 1
5 billion
He'll make millions and millions with that
And how about saying, by the way, Mr
President, would you please take over the negotiations that President Trump is no longer handling? Guess what? You would be sold down the tubes so fast, and we're so close
China wants to make a deal so badly
I think they'd love to see another president
They would like to see another president more than crooked Hillary would, okay
Can you imagine if they ever took over negotiations of this deal, which is going to be one of the greatest deals ever made
Has to be, because we started down here and they were up there
Has to be
Can you imagine if they ever took over negotiations? This is what China would love more than anything else
It's not going to happen folks, because we can't let our country go back to hell
We can't do it
We can't let it happen
Because the Bidens got rich while America was robbed, and let me tell you the fake news will not put it in
I watched the last debate, and this weakling named Anderson Cooper saying, well, it's totally unsubstantiated, Mr
Biden, solely answer
What's unsubstantiated? He is on tape doing a real quid pro quo
Sure, it's totally unsubstantiated, sir
I've never seen anything like it
Could you imagine if I did what he did? Could you imagine if Don Jr
or Eric Trump walked out of China while I was, let's say, vice president or president
Let's say they walked out of China with 1
5 billion
Do you think the press would be saying, well, it's unsubstantiated? No, it's something
Let me just tell you something
These people, not all of them, but these people are very dishonest people
Very, very dishonest
But under this administration, the great betrayal is over
America is not for sale
And we're more determined than ever to drain the swamp, and that's what we're doing with these crazy people
A lot of bad things happened, and a lot of bad things I think are going to be revealed because there's no way we can allow them to get away with what they would have with a normal person gotten away with
Let's face it
These are bad people
Thanks to my tariffs, we will soon have over $100 billion from a country that didn't want to do anything with us
And I'll tell you, they started buying our farm product
You see that
They started buying a lot of our product even before the deals are done
Last year, I got our farmers $16 billion because they were targeted
And the year before I got them $12 billion
I just took them out of the tariffs, and we had a lot leftover
And I said, congratulations farmers
I love you
I love our farmers
They love me
That's why they did, they targeted our farmers
I said, congratulations
That's compliments of China
And they do
They want to make a deal so badly
Frankly, honestly, they want to make a deal a lot more than I want to make a deal
That's the way it is
Because we're doing very well right now with China
We're replacing the NAFTA disaster with the US, Mexico, Canada agreement
A huge win for Kentucky farmers, for Kentucky auto workers, for Kentucky manufacturers
Unfortunately, Nancy Pelosi so far and the do nothing Democrats don't want to give the people of our country a victory
It's really, let it be a bipartisan deal
I don't care
It's such an incredible deal for this country, and NAFTA was one of the worst deals ever made
Democrats need to pass the US MCA
We need their votes
Otherwise you can't pass it
And it's up to Pelosi who has to put it forward, but she's too busy wasting their time
So either pass it or go back to San Francisco and clean up your mess
The Obama Biden's administration's trans-Pacific partnership would have dealt the death blow to the American auto industry
That would have been one of the great catastrophes
My first week in office, I canceled that job-killing travesty
You know all about it
Under our policies just days ago, Ford and the UAW announced a $1 billion investment in Louisville
1 billion
Before my election, our leaders used the great American middle-class as a piggy bank to fund their delusional global projects
They were globalists
I was elected to be president of the United States, not president of the globe
They decimated American manufacturing to promote economic growth in foreign countries
Tell me, how is that good
They try and convince you it's good
I was a very good student
I'm a very like, we're all smart
We sit back, we listen, and I say, these people are, something wrong with them
Only in Kentucky can somebody be so precise
You're right about, you are right about that
They deployed our military to protect immensely wealthy nations, subsidizing their welfare states with your money
The money we spend on other country's militaries, but it's coming down
And I'm telling other countries, I'm sorry, you're going to have to pay now
I'm sorry
Pay
Pay
Pay, you got to pay
And they poured precious American blood and treasure into the Middle East while our great cities fell into decay and disrepair
We go in for internet
We want rural, we'll bring it in
And we're bringing 5g into places like Kentucky that haven't been properly served
We're bringing it in all over the middle West, all over the country
And we're really ahead of schedule
We're doing really well
People will be very surprised soon when some numbers come out, but we're doing very well
But you were very much underserved for years
And yet we're investing billions and billions of dollars in places you've never even heard of
Doesn't make sense, does it? But after years of rebuilding other nations, we are finally rebuilding our nation
We are finally putting America first
Yet the deep state and the failed ruling class are trying to resist any changes to their failed policies of the past
They believe it is their right to rule over you and to redistribute your wealth all around the world
No thank you
No thank you
That's why we ended the Paris Accord
That's why We've ended a lot
I don't even want to tell you
But the sellout of the American nation ended the day I took the oath of office and you understand that
Past leaders transform far away nations into chaotic war zones
Then they demanded that America accept unlimited migration from those terror afflicted regions
Take the people, take the people
We defeated ISIS
We
When I took over three years ago, when we took over, when I took over, ISIS was all over
I defeated ISIS
I didn't even know to what extent
I was watching the other night the great Lou Dobbs, and he said, When Trump took over, President Trump, he used to say, Trump is a great president
Then he said, Trump is the greatest president since Ronald Reagan
Then he said, No, no, Trump is an even better president than Ronald Reagan
And now he's got me down as the greatest president in the history of our country, including George Washington and Abraham Lincoln
Thank you
We love you too
But we didn't fight them over there only to invite them over here
We didn't do that
We're not doing that
You see what we're going and you see what we're doing and you see it's never easy because I get hit by the swamp 15 different ways, but it doesn't matter
We're doing the right thing to protect our communities
My administration implemented the travel ban on some of the world's most dangerous countries
A lot of people were against it
They said, Isn't that terrible? Countries that have crime rates that are so high you wouldn't even believe it's possible, and we have a travel ban now
We don't take people from those countries
I'm sorry
And we won a historic victory on the travel ban in the United States Supreme Court, ruled it totally constitutional
On no issue have Democrats more totally betrayed you than on immigration
Democrats want open borders
They want to give illegal aliens free healthcare, free education, more advantages than our own citizens have and more benefits than our own military gets
In the Republican party, we believe taking care of our own citizens first is paramount
Thanks to our tireless efforts to secure our Southern border, illegal crossings have dropped 60% since May
The wall is being built
It's going up rapidly
It's got a big impact
And I want to thank Mexico
We have 27,000 Mexican soldiers on our border policing our border because the Democrats will not do anything to end loopholes
It would take us 15 minutes and we could end the loopholes
Think of the word loopholes
They don't want to end the loophole
If you want to keep violent criminal aliens out of your communities, you have only one choice tomorrow, and that's to vote for Matt Bevin
Democrats are becoming more extreme and militant by the day
The Democrat's planned government takeover of healthcare would obliterate Medicare
What are they doing? I will always protect Medicare for our nation's seniors
It's going to be protected
What they're doing is crazy
And we will always protect patients with preexisting conditions
And we will also protect you with preexisting physicians
How about that? Preexisting physicians
First time I've ever said that, just thought of that
True
Because under their plan, you don't get your own doctor
You know what you get? Whatever the hell you get
That's what you get
Oh great doc, fix me up doc
You mean you want to work on my heart? Who are you, doc? I don't think so
Thanks to our campaign to combat the opioid epidemic with your governor's help, we have seen a 17% drop in overdose deaths in Kentucky, which is a record
Democrats have also waged an unrelenting assault against people of faith
Anybody in here a person of faith? Great people
The last administration threatened adoption and foster care agencies purely for their religious beliefs
Last week my administration took action to stop that Obama era assault
It was an assault
And governor Matt Bevin is a national leader on behalf of vulnerable children, and there is no better leader than him, what he has done
And together we're fighting for American orphans, foster families, and the sacred rights of religious believers
And he's done a fantastic job
Virtually every top Democrat also now supports late term abortion, ripping babies straight from their mother's womb right up until the moment of birth
And that's why I've asked Congress to prohibit extreme late term abortion because Republicans believe that every child is a sacred gift from God
Democrats are now the party of high taxes, high crime, open borders, late term abortion, socialism, and blatant corruption
The Republican party is the party of the American worker, the American family, the American dream, and it's the party of the great Abraham Lincoln
We forgot that
Abraham Lincoln
The incredible rebuilding of our military includes over $100 billion investments all across the state of Kentucky
I withdrew our nation from the horrible one sided Iran nuclear deal
It's not the same country
When I came in that country, there were in 18 different sites of confliction, they called it
And now they're a little different, a little different
We'll see what happens with Iran
And I recognize Israel's true capital and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem
For years, you watched as your politicians apologized for America
Remember? He'd go around, oh, thank you so much
He wouldn't apologize to you, but he apologized to others
Now you have a president who is standing up for America, and we are standing up for the people of Kentucky
The next step to victory begins tomorrow and it begins with all of you
You have to do this
Look, maybe you'll be late for work
Maybe you'll be late for whatever
I don't want to know everything
Some things I don't want to know, but you have to just put it off
You have to go vote
It's so important
Tomorrow is so, because beyond even the governorship, and it's so important
Because again, your state is setting records
In the history of your state, you've never done this well economically, job wise, unemployment, employment, factories moving in, new factories, open expansion of your car plants
You've never done this well, but you're sending that big message to the rest of the country
It's so important
You got to get your friends, you got to vote
Because if you lose, it sends a really bad message
It just sends a bad, and they will build it up
Here's the story
If you win, they're going to make it like ho hum
And if you lose, they're going to say, Trump suffered the greatest defeat in the history of the world
This was the greatest
You can't let that happen to me
And you know what? You can't let that happen to your incredible state, Kentucky
You can't let that happen
That would be a disaster for yourself because you'd be losing an incredible governor
But you're going to have a great victory tomorrow
With your support, you have to go out and vote
We will show the corrupt Democrats that the American people are not backing down and we will never ever back down
So tomorrow, we need you to go out and get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors
Get out and vote for governor Matt Bevin and all of these great Republicans
With your help, we will lift millions more of our citizens from welfare to work, dependence to independence and poverty to prosperity
Together we will elect a Republican Congress
2020, we're going to re-elect because of their stupidity
These people are on the run, and I will campaign in every one of those states that were so corrupt if they raise their hand
And don't forget
Out of 194, we got 194, not one Republican left us last week
And two Republicans, think of that
And the other three couldn't get there because of, but they were votes
They said they were totally votes, had airport problems
I said, you can't do that
Airport problems
But then we had the Democrats
We picked up two Democrats, so we had bipartisan support
That's unusual
I always say because they're lousy politicians, they've got lousy policy, but they do stick together
That's about it
We will elect a Republican Congress in 2020
And we'll have a great speaker of the house in Kevin
We're going to create a fair, safe, sane, and lawful system of immigration
We'll enact trade deals that result in more products proudly stamped with those beautiful words made in the USA
We will achieve new breakthroughs in science and medicine, finding new cures for childhood cancer and ending, listen to this, the AIDS epidemic in America within less than 10 years
We've already started
Who would have felt we could have done that? We've started
In the past administration toward the end, we had certain things that we could have done
They didn't do anything
They didn't do anything, but we did
We have it all funded and we started, think of that, AIDS within 10 years will be out of this country
Nobody would have thought that was possible
We will end it
Great, great
I came into my office, they were telling me about the breakthroughs that have been made
It's incredible what they're doing
And don't forget right to try, by the way, where somebody who's terminally ill can now use our medicines, which they were never allowed to in the past
So instead of traveling to Asia and Europe and all over the world, or going home hopeless and dying, they can now use what we call right to try
We have the greatest doctors, the greatest drugs, greatest labs in the world
They can now go and try
And we are having unbelievable success
Unbelievable
Right to try
We will chart a new era of discovery in space, and someday soon we will land on, believe it or not, the surface of the moon only to go to Mars
You know I said we've done the moon
No, they say, sir, we land on the moon to go to Mars, and that's what we're doing with the moon
And we are really, really advanced
It's moving along rapidly
We will defend privacy, free speech, free assembly, religious liberty, and the right to keep and bear arms
And above all, we will never stop fighting for the cherished values that bind us together as one America
We support, protect and defend the constitution of the United States
We stand with the incredible heroes and warriors of law enforcement
We believe in the dignity of work and the sanctity of life
We believe that faith and family, not government and bureaucracy, are the true American way
We believe that children should be taught to love our country, honor our history, and always respect our great American flag
Loyal citizens like you helped build this country, and together we are taking back our country
We are returning power to you, the American people
The great state of Kentucky was settled by some of the most devoted and courageous people ever to walk on the face of the earth
These tough pioneer men and strong pioneer women braved the wilderness and defied the danger to build a life and to build a home
They didn't have a lot of money
They didn't have a lot of luxury
But they all had one thing in common
They love their families, they love their country and they love their God
These proud Kentucky Patriots did not shed their blood, sweat and tears so that we could sit at home while others try to erase their legacy and destroy their magnificent heritage
Our allegiance is to our nation
Our loyalty is to our citizens
And our devotion is to our Creator
For the sake of our freedom, for the sake of our children, we are going to keep on working
We are going to keep on fighting, and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning
We are one movement
We are one people
We are one family and one glorious nation under God
America is thriving like never before
And ladies and gentlemen of Kentucky, the best is yet to come
Together, we will make America wealthy again
We will make America strong again
We will make America proud again
We will make America safe again
And we will make America great again
Thank you, Kentucky
Thank you
Go out and vote

Well thank you very much
And I'm thrilled to be back in Wisconsin where we had a very big night a few years ago
You remember that very big night? Remember that? They said, Donald Trump has won the state of Wisconsin
And since then we've produced everything we said and more and more
Before it was talk
I said, I'm going to do this
We're going to take care of your trade
What we've done with China now, on Wednesday we signed, that's tomorrow
What we've done with the US MCA, what we've done with Japan, $40 billion trade deal that a lot of it has to do with the farmers
South Korea
Oh, you got to love Trump, you got to love Trump
And you're great Green Bay Packers are playing San Francisco this weekend
Good luck
So do we have any Green Bay packer fans here tonight? That's right
And you have a great quarterback who's a good guy, a good guy
As we begin the year, our economy is booming, wages are rising, poverty is plummeting
Crime is falling and America is the envy of the entire world
And then our opponents say, We're not going to win
Let's impeach President Trump
Let's impeach him
We've got the greatest economy in our history
Our military has been totally rebuilt
Let's impeach him
But we've created 7 million jobs since the election, including more than 1 million manufacturing and construction jobs
Nobody thought that was possible
And we will soon be replacing the NAFTA catastrophe, one of the worst trade deals in the history of the world, frankly with the incredible US MCA, Canada, Mexico, a giant victory for Wisconsin workers, farmers and dairy producers, a tremendous victory
And we may get that all taken care of this week or next week
It just needs one more vote and we'll get that out of the Republican Senate
The Republican Senate will be great
Tomorrow we'll also be signing our phase one trade deal with China, massively boosting exports of products made and produced right here in the great state of Wisconsin
So after years of devastating defense cuts, we have fully rebuilt the United States Military to a point that it has never been before and it's now more advanced, more lethal, and more powerful than ever
And last year, our great American warriors, because that's what they are
And they love it
I got to tell you, they love it, right? They love doing that
They wouldn't trade places with me under any circumstances
They wouldn't trade places with all of our great Wisconsin politicians
They want to be a military warrior and we don't want them for that
We want them doing what they're doing
But our great warriors carried out a daring nighttime raid and terminated the founder and leader of ISIS
The animal known as al-Baghdadi is dead and the wicked caliphate is 100% destroyed
And I will tell you when we took over a little less than three years ago, ISIS was all over the place
Now the caliphate is 100% destroyed
Do you remember when I wanted to leave when it was at 98%? I said, let some of the other countries finish it off
We're going home, right? They all said, Oh, no sir, please finish it
So we finished it off to 100%
A few days ago
We took bold and decisive action to defend American lives and deliver American justice
At my direction, the United States military launched a flawless precision strike that killed the world's number one terrorist, number one terrorist
Do you know who that is? Qasem Soleimani, number one terrorist in the world
Soleimani was responsible for murdering and wounding thousands of Americans and was actively planning new attacks, but we stopped them cold
And frankly, they already started the attack, as you saw in Baghdad, on our very large embassy in Baghdad
That was already started
And I said to our generals, Get there now
We don't want to have another Benghazi
Not on my watch, or on any watch
They said, Sir, we'll be there tomorrow
I said, Nope, you got to be there right now
Get them over there now
There are thousands of soldiers
They were soldiers
You take a look at that crowd
That was not protesters
They were soldiers, and they were surrounding our embassy in Baghdad
And all of a sudden they see these beautiful, very expensive, I will tell you, brand new Apache helicopters roaming over the top
And then they see our great military
You saw them in the plane, right? Some of them were getting out of their pajamas
They were
I said, Don't worry about it
I said, We won't put that on
But they were sitting there and they were calling a roll call in the plane
Right? And it was a beautiful sight
And these guys were better than Tom Cruise at his best
 Protestors Disturb the Rally
One protester, a very weak voice
If you people wouldn't go crazy every time you see something, he'd go right through and nobody would even know she was there
Now she's going home to mom where she will be in big trouble
Because I guarantee you that mom voted for Trump
And in 10 years from now, when I run yet again, she'll be voting for Trump too
I'm only kidding
I'm only kidding
We drive them crazy
We drive them crazy
They say, You know he's not leaving, don't you? He's never leaving
They say, He's going to win
He's never going to leave
These people, it's called Trump Derangement Syndrome
It really is
You know what they don't know is that if for any reason, after five years we do leave, which we will, because I believe in that stuff
Right? But you know what's going to happen to their industry
They're all going to die and fold up
Going to be very boring out there, very boring
That's why I say at some point, every single one of them will be endorsing Donald Trump
But crazy Bernie Sanders and the Washington Democrats, by the way, Bernie is surging
Bernie is surging
Bernie
But the Democrats are outraged that we kill this terrorist monster even though this monster was behind hundreds and hundreds of death
That's two
Hey, speaking of protesters, have you seen what's happened in Iran? The protesters are on our side
First time ever
They're on our side
In fact, they put this big American flag on the street
And the Iranians, thousands and thousands of Iranians were supposed to walk on it and trample it and step and beat the hell out of it
Every one of them went around that flag
They like Trump
They like you
I'm just your representative, but they like us
They like us
They haven't seen anything like that in a long time
They went around, did you see it? They went around the flag
They didn't want to touch it
They love America
They love our country
That's called progress
That's called progress
But the Democrats are doing everything possible to disparage what we did with the hit on this monster
Many of the young men and women you see walking around without arms, without legs and without  were done by Soleimani
That's what he loved
He loved the roadside bomb
That's what he loved
Thousands and thousands and thousands in Iraq, in Afghanistan, roadside bombs
He was the king of the roadside bombs
Great percentages of people don't have legs right now and arms because of this son of a bitch
Now the Democrats should be outraged by Soleimani's evil crimes, not that decision to end his wretched life
They're saying, Well, he was a general
He was this
He was that
You know what? Number one, he wasn't supposed to be there
He was a designated terrorist by president Obama who didn't do anything about it as usual
As usual, they don't do anything
They designate and they don't do anything about
He should've been killed 20 years ago
Now, here's the story with the Democrats
If I didn't kill him, and let's say we lost three, four, five embassies or bases or thousands of people or hundreds of people or two people were killed, they would have said, Trump should have taken him out
Anything we do, they go the opposite
So we kill him
And that was precision
Some people thought it went much too fast
Went too fast
So we kill him and they say, What a horrible  If we didn't kill him, they'd say, What a horrible thing
Right? And by the way, they think they caught me
They never catch us
Because Mexico's paying for the wall
You know that
You'll see that
It's all worked out
Mexico's paying
It's driving them crazy
Now they say, Okay, he's building the wall
But Mexico didn't pay
Mexico will pay
And here's the thing
You'll see that it'll come out
We'll do it sometime during the debate or maybe before
Our debate, the real debate that people are going to watch, because nobody's watching
haven't been doing great on the debates
I have to tell you
But we are building this wall
We're over 100 miles right now
We're going to be expanding the length
You have a lot of natural where you have 1,978 miles
You need 500 miles, but 700 would be good, 750 or so would be great
We're going to now get it up
We have all the financing
You think it's easy getting financing when people put  I can get anything from them
I can get whatever I want in terms of money except for a wall
And I made one big mistake
I should have said to them, We will not build the wall
We don't want the wall
They would have insisted that we build it
We would have had all the money we wanted
I made a mistake
I made a big mistake
Now we're building the wall
It's going up and it's going up rapidly and very soon we'll be building about a mile a day
And we should be up to over 400 miles by next year, the end of next year, and shortly thereafter it'll be finished
And it's already having a tremendous impact on people not being able to come into our country
Bernie and the radical left cannot protect your family and they cannot protect our country, nor do they want to, I think
According to Elizabeth Pocahontas Warren, who has somewhat less Indian blood in her than I do, and I have none
Remember? Oh, we hit her hard
But I hit her too early, but now it doesn't matter
She's not going anywhere
But Bernie said, according to her, Bernie said, and I don't believe that he said this, because I don't know him
I don't particularly like him
He's a nasty guy
But I don't believe he said it
It's not his field
You have to know what people say
She said, right, that Bernie stated strongly that a woman can't win for president
A woman can win for president
Fortunately that could happen
Who knows? But she said that Bernie said, A woman can't win
I don't believe that Bernie said that
I really don't know
Just it's not the kind of a thing he'd say
If you want to keep America safe, just vote Republican
We're doing so well
We're doing so well
Now this was  leave him alone
That's all right
Let security just take care of her
Okay, you all right? Get him out here
Good
Good job security
Good job
Do we love law enforcement? And is there ever, ever a better place to be than a Trump rally on some night during some week? The truth, is we have a great time
But you know what? More importantly we get things done
We're getting everything done
But even president Obama's own former National Security Advisor, a highly respected general named Jim Jones, praised our action to take out Soleimani and said it was absolutely correct and it was the absolute right thing to do
I'm sure they like him very much
He sounds like our kind of a guy
So Jim, if they've given you a hard time, come on over to the Republican party
No, he's a respected guy
He said we did the right thing
Everyone knows
They're saying, Was the attack eminent? Was it eminent? Does the fact that he's killed hundreds of thousands of people and thousands of Americans and horribly killed and wounded thousands and thousands? That doesn't matter
Was the attack eminent? I think they're going to start a new investigation
Was the attack or this horror  and by the way, he was in a country he wasn't allowed to be in
We don't mention that because he was designated and he wasn't allowed to be there
And he was there with the head of Hezbollah, and they were talking about, like Hillary Clinton
They were talking about weddings and working out
Soleimani and the head of Hezbollah, they were talking about weddings, working out
Or Bill Clinton in the back of the airplane with the Attorney General, where they may have made her an offer that you're going to go to the Supreme Court
Or they may have said, You're going to to stay Attorney General, but help
Help
They may have said that
Do you think they would have said that? No
Nothing like that
But do you remember? They talked about golf and grandchildren, right? 45 minutes
I like golf
45 minutes
I like golf and I love my grandchildren
I don't think I can talk to somebody about them for 45 minutes that I don't even know
45
I have a beautiful grandchild
He's really beautiful
He's so great
Okay
What else am I going to say, right? Then I took a Let's talk one or two
How's Tiger doing? How's this one? How's that one? That's another five minutes, right? What am I going to do with the other 35 minutes? Maybe I'm going to talk about Supreme court appointments, et cetera
Got zero
He got zero out of it
He got zero
I'd love to have that money back
It's a lot of money
But I've warned the Ayatollah and the government of Iran that they must not harm, hurt, or kill any protesters
The whole world is watching
It's watching
They've killed thousands of protests
We support the Iranian people and their courageous struggle for freedom
It's incredible what's going on over there
It really is
But we're watching it
We're watching very closely
And we were ready
That night when the attack was made on us, attack was made on us
Remember this, they killed an American, they killed other people just before that
And so we did what we did, right? And they said, it's our turn now
I said, you better be careful when you say it's our turn
Because we had designated targets that you wouldn't know It would have taken him 30 years to rebuild if that was even possible
It's true, it's true
And we saw those missiles launched, and they were big and they were fast, and they were accurate
Four of them went bad
They fell way short
But 12 of them hit
And I said, man, they are quick
They knew immediately what they were, and they saw those missiles hit
I said, how bad is it? It hit a base
And an hour later or so, we get a call back
I said, how many killed? Nobody, sir
I said, how many hurt? They said, nobody, sir
And I said, they just saved themselves a trillion dollars and a lot of lives
That's true
A trillion, not a billion
A trillion
So they did a very smart thing and we're not looking for regime change
They've tried that with Libya
They go, Hillary Clinton, let's get rid of Libya
Let's get rid of Gaddafi
Let's get rid of Gaddafi
How's that working out? Right? Let's get rid of Gaddafi
That was a Hillary deal
Then you had Benghazi
And see Benghazi, they didn't respond
They didn't respond
Should be
Should be to Iraq
Iraq didn't knock down the World Trade Center just in case anybody had any question
And this guy did kill
He was not a sweetheart
He was a bad guy in every way
But he did kill terrorists, right? And it became Harvard University for terrorists, right? But they did go after him, but he didn't knock down out
You know what I did with the soldiers? They don't tell you the truth, sorry, because there are a bunch of corrupt people back there
I told Turkey, you got to defend your own border
We're not going to defend your border
And we get along with Turkey
We get along, but they've been there for And by the way, I call it a safe zone
That is the most dangerous safe zone in the world
Okay? I'm looking at the audience, there's about three of you that want to be in that zone, okay? And you're very tough people
But this is the most dangerous I call it, I call it the safe zone
Some day it may be a safe zone, but I took our soldiers out, because we had an army here and we had a vast number of people here, and they were going to fight
I said, if they're going to fight like they have been for hundreds and hundreds of years, for centuries, let them fight
But we're getting the hell out of there, okay? But the fake news doesn't tell you the right story
But the fake news doesn't tell you the right story
Because what I did is I took our soldiers, and you know what I did? I moved them to the oil area, and we now control the oil
So they said Trump stayed in Syria
Trump said, so people said to me, why you staying in Syria? Okay? A long time ago
You have no idea the things and the decisions I've seen
So they say Trump's in Syria, I didn't pull out
I did pull out
We have the oil really secure
We'll see what happens with it, but we can help our friends, the Kurds, because that's where they got their wealth
And then ultimately it was with ISIS
But right now it's with the United States military
And we also got rid of remnants of ISIS
While we're creating jobs and killing terrorists, democrats in Congress are wasting America's time with demented hoaxes and crazy witch hunts that had been going on by the way, from the day I came down the escalator with our future first lady
Somebody said to me recently, President, President, it was a friend of mine, used to always call me Donald
Hey Donald, how are you doing? Let's go have dinner
Okay, okay, good
Now he calls me President
I told you this before
Calls me pres They always call me President
President, President, tell me what's happening, what's going on, how's it all going? You're doing such a great job
I said, do me a favor
Call me Donald
I can't
Now when they say, you know what that means, right? That means respect for the office of president
And you know what? We're going to keep that way
We're going to keep it that way
We're going to keep it there
But that's why this November we're going back and we're going to win the House
The Republicans are going to win the House
Because I don't know if you know it
The impeachment hoax, it's a total hoax
This is based Just think of this
This is based on a perfect phone call
Did anybody read the transcript? It's a perfect call
In fact, if you go back and look at Lyndon Johnson, all of them
Lyndon Johnson was sort of a tough guy
Can you imagine his phone calls? He's probably looking down or looking up, and he's probably saying, these people have gone crazy
That's the nicest call I've ever tracked
Somebody said, I never knew you could be so nice on a telephone call
But this is all based on a simple phone call that was totally appropriate where the president of Ukraine said there was no pressure on us
Didn't even know what they were talking about
The foreign minister said they want to impeach
Impeach the president of the United States over a perfect phone call
It's the greatest hoax ever perpetrated on our country
Ever
I don't know if you've seen
Independent voters and voters I think of all of the voters, including Democrats moving over, we just got a 195 to nothing, the Republicans in the house, which was a fix
Nancy Pelosi says it must be nonpartisan
And she said, it has to be clear cut
Well, number one, never happened
No problem
Number two, look at the vote
Three Democrats voted with us
So I guess you could say it was a nonpartisan vote because they voted with us, okay? But we're going back and we're going to hold the Senate
And we're going to keep the White House, but we're going to win back the House
We're going to win back the House
And I'm thrilled tonight
A man who has become a great friend of mine, he's a warrior
Senator Ron Johnson is here
Come up here
What a good guy
Congressman Bryan Steil
Jim Sensenbrenner
Glenn Grothman
Glenn, come up
Come up
Mike Gallagher
Wisconsin house speaker Robin Voss
Wisconsin state Senate president Roger Roth
State Senate president
Come on fellas
Wisconsin state Senate majority leader Scott Fitzgerald
A friend of mine, a world champion
Would you believe it? Is Sean here? Where's Sean? Where's Sean? Get up here
I love champions
He would climb that sucker
He was the best in the world right here from Wisconsin, right? Congressman Sean Duffy
We miss him
But he signed with CNN
They paid him a lot of money, and they don't put them on
Why? Because I'm pro-Trump
You think that's fair, right? He's pro-Trump
So what they've done is paid him money to silence him because he has a very important voice
Great job
Yeah, I like that kind of a job
I think he's okay with it
He gets his check, they refuse to put him on
He says good things about Trump
We don't want you on
That's CNN
That's how fake right there
Turn the camera on
And a good friend of all of ours, a Kenosha native, Reince Priebus
Reince, come up
Thank you, man
Thank you Reince
This is a great group of Republican people, but more importantly, it's a great group of winners
They have been so great, so they worked so hard and I just want to thank you all for being here tonight
Thank you
Thank you Ron
A great guy
Thanks to strong Republican leadership like Ron, like all of them that you just saw, America is winning again
America is respected again
And America is thriving again like never before
We're doing great
We're the envy of the world
And under my administration, we now have the lowest average unemployment rate of any administration in the history of our country
And in your great state, Wisconsin You ever noticed with Biden, he's always calling the wrong state? And in your great state of Iowa, Iowa
It's Iowa, right? No, it's Wisconsin
Oh, I meant Wisconsin
Oh, I didn't know I was in Wisconsin
That's fine
How many times has he done that, by the way? Lots of times, he said
It's great to be in the state of Ohio
No sir, you're in Florida
Many times
The sad part about that Sleepy Joe is right
You know the sad part about that? When you do that, you can't really recover
You can be Winston Churchill, make the finest remainder of remarks, but you get killed
And he does it every time
And the fake news, they give him a total pass and that's okay
It's all right
It's going to happen to all of us someday
Does anybody get that? Yeah
In Wisconsin, the unemployment rate has reached its lowest level in history
How's that for a sound bite? How do you beat that sound bite, right? So now the people of Wisconsin are going to say, well let's see the state set a record, most successful it's ever been
And by the way, that's because we got a lot of help from a guy named Scott Walker
Your governor
Ron Johnson, all those guys
Because this didn't happen so quickly
But think
So how do you beat that? You have the most successful, lowest unemployment rate you've ever had
And then they say, somebody's going to come and say, well we'll do a better job
Really, you're going to do a better job? The lowest in history by far, your number one economic numbers by far
Oh, let's put somebody else in as president
I don't think so
Right? But here's one that I loved the most
African American, Hispanic American, Asian American unemployment rates have reached the lowest levels ever recorded in the history of our country
And here's another one
African American youth, the way it was was so high was so horrible
Youth unemployment has reached an all time low in recorded history
African-American poverty has reached the lowest rate ever recorded also
The only question are you at 70, 80, 90, 97%? He goes higher
What are you at? What's yours? 100%
Not bad
I know who he's voting for
But think of this, because this is what it's about
Is that these companies, these big public companies, they're owned by the people, they're owned by everybody
Rich people, and they're owned by everybody
We have set 141 records on the stock market, highest levels ever in recorded history
141 records
That means, in less than three years, for 141 days, we set a record
Think of it, we've said 141 records
Who the hell can do that? And if our opponents had won the election, instead of going up, we're very close to 30,000 on the Dow
Nobody thought that was possible
And clearly the fakers back there, nobody thought that was possible
Instead of being up, you would have I believe, I really believe, because regulation, so important, tax cuts, so important to get it all going
I believe instead of being up massively, whatever the number is, but depending on who you are, changes, but it's all way over 60, 70, 80, you guys know
You would have been down 50, 60, 70
You would have been down at a level, you would probably be extremely depressed, right now
You wouldn't have bought all those brand new keep America great hats
Don't worry, we're never getting rid of MAGA, don't worry
We don't have the courage to get rid of MAGA
The greatest campaign in history
We're never leaving
But you wouldn't have bought those hats
You know why? You wouldn't have the money to buy him
Okay? Now you can buy them, it doesn't mean a damn thing
So let's do it real fast
The poll, right? Make America great again, or keep America great, right? I don't have to go through the whole deal
We're going to do it quick
We're going to do it quickly
Ready? Who likes make America great again? Whoa
They're very loyal people in Wisconsin
Who likes keep America great? All right
So it surprises me every single time
But make America great again, MAGA, has never won one of these polls
You know why? We've rebuilt our military, we've cut taxes, we've cut regulation, our stock market hit records
It's called keep America great
I mean, we've done so much
And I just got a free See these Democrats, they go out and spend $1 million on a poll
What I do is I take my own poll
And they'll interview 203 people
203 people say they'll get it wrong
Because I'm always surprised
Make America great again I think is the greatest phrase ever used in politics, right? But under the Trump economy, the lowest paid earners are reaping the biggest, fastest, and largest games
You know that right? This is a blue collar boom
They don't like telling you that
Under my administration, the growth in net worth for the bottom half of wage earners has increased 15 times more than under the three previous administrations
That's pretty amazing
Because they keep saying, oh, the rich are getting richer
Well, the poor are doing the best they've ever done
Earnings for the bottom 10% are rising faster than earnings for the top 10% proportionately
Under eight years of the Barack Hussein Obama administration
Which administration loves spying on people's campaigns? By the way, by the way, could you imagine if it were the other way around and I spied on his campaign? What would these fake news people be doing? More than 300,000 people under Obama, 300,000 people left the workforce
Under just three years of by administration, 3
5 million people have joined the workforce and nobody believed that was possible
370 companies have signed our pledge to America's workers providing more than 14 million Americans with new training and job opportunities
We're training them
We're getting them, Walmart, so many great companies, they're training people, because they can train a much better than government
14 million, you know who has worked so hard on that? Everybody, you've heard of Ivanka, right? Ivanka
She had such a passion for it
She's very smart
I said, would you like this? You have no debt
I want to get people working
I want to get them and help families
So I said, all right, good
Look, she's smart
Go do whatever the hell you want to do, it's okay, darling
So she had a goal of a half a million people
She was going to get trained, get into companies
So she'd call Walmart, she'd call Exxon, she'd call all these great companies
And all of a sudden she hit 8 million
Then she hit 9 million
Don't forget, she wanted to do 500,000, but this is her
Then she had 10 million
She just hit 14 million people have been trained by these great companies
14 million
Ivanka
14 million, would you believe that's possible? But that's why we have the best unemployment rates, we have the best employment rates
By the way, very close to 160 million people are now working in the United States
Nobody's ever even come close to that number
We've lifted 10 million people off federal welfare programs
Real median income is now at the highest level ever recorded in the history of our country
Think of that
Real median income
Under eight years, so we're here three years right, but really less because when it was done, the stats, it was two and a half
But we have less than three
Under eight years of the Bush administration, household incomes grew $400
Eight years, $400
Under eight years of president Obama, household incomes grew $975,000
That's okay, 975
Eight years, right? Under three years of the Trump administration, household incomes have risen $10,000
Ten thousand
That's why we're doing well
The consumer
$3,100 of which for regulatory cuts, $2,000 for the tax cuts, it's actually higher than that, $2,500 for energy savings, and $5,000 in real wage gains
$10,000
The child tax credit alone, which every Democrat in Congress opposed, is delivering $2,200 a year to the average American family
Who's in favor of that cut
Who's in favor of having that? You? People don't know
They think the Democrats gave it
The Democrats give nothing
They're too busy
They're too busy doing other things
They don't do anything
They're too busy doing other things
We ended the war on American energy
The United States is now the number one producer of oil and natural gas anywhere on earth
Number one in the world by far
Saudi Arabia, Russia, but we're number one by far
And if I get a couple of additional pipelines approved, which I will very quickly, instead of waiting 20 years to get them approved, it'll increase this by another 22% that will get them done quickly
And they'll be environmentally friendly and all of that
I believe in that
We have eliminated a record number of job-destroying regulations
I brought back the old light bulb
Better light for much less money, if you want it, right? Little things
Somebody said, oh sir, don't mention the light bulb
It's hard to make an elegant speech
I'm saying I brought back the light bulb
So the new light bulb costs you five times as much, and it makes you look orange
And I was more interested in the orange than I was in the cost
But you know what, if you want, you have it
And the new bulb, I don't know if you see it, it's on there
It's a hazardous waste
When that bulb ends, you're supposed to take it to a certain dump and gingerly put it in because it's loaded up with gasses
That's the new I said to somebody today in Environmental Protection, how many people do that in the country? Sir, maybe none
They throw it into the garbage can
And it's Wait
And it was just announced from South Korea, makes a lot of our products, unfortunately, I put a tariff on washing machines and refrigerators, right? They just announced that they're building major refrigerator and washing machine plants in the United States
You know why? You know why? Because they don't want to pay the 25% tariff
So they're building them here
That way they don't have to pay the tariff
And just one final thing
I know this doesn't matter, but I said leave it
It's so inelegant to- I know this doesn't matter, but I said leave it
It's so inelegant to talk about it, right? Right? Isn't it inelegant? I'm talking about dishwashers
Wait till you hear the next one
I'm talking about refrigerators
Probably wanting to say to the union, I'll leave it out because I want to get praise for making a  You cannot make a brilliant speech where they say, That was such an incredible, elegant speech, if I'm talking about dishwashers, sinks, toilets, light bulbs
But sinks, toilets and showers, you don't get any water
They put restrictors on and now they made them permanent
People used to take them out
They put restrictors on
Try going and buying a new faucet
You turn it on, no water comes out, right? We won't talk about toilets, but you know that's  10, 15, but we don't talk about that
Because I've said this three or four times, the only subject they ever talk about is toilets, so I don't mention  but how about the shower? You go into a shower, and I have this beautiful head of hair, I need a lot of water
I need water
You go into the shower, right? You turn on the water, drip, drip, drip
I called the guy, Something wrong with this? No, sir
It's just the restrictor
So you're in there five times longer than you're supposed to be
You use probably more water and it's a very unpleasant experience, right? So we're getting rid of the restrictors
You're going to have full shower flow
Full sink
Did you ever go to the faucet? You turn on the faucet to wash your hands and it turns on so easy
It's like this, because there's zero pressure behind it
No water
You go like that, the thing flips on
Whoa
And then, dung, dung
These people are crazy
And then in California, this governor, who has no clue by the way, he has no clue
Governor Gavin Newsom
He sends all the water out to the Pacific and then he just comes up  I don't know if you saw this
They come up with rules and regulations
Starting soon, if you're a person lives in California, you only get 50 gallons of water
Now, it sounds like a lot of water, but it's not
If you take a shower, wash your hands a couple of times a day  It's not
Then it goes down to 47, 46, 45
Can you imagine? You pay the highest taxes outside of New York, where they're not doing a good job in New York
They're not doing good
Everyone's leaving New York for other environs like Florida
It's not good
Because the taxes are too high
Governor Cuomo's got to get those taxes down, got to get them down, and other things have to happen
But here's Gavin Newsom
So, Gavin Newsom, you have the water pouring down from up north, millions and millions of gallons
You know what they do with it? They divert it into the Pacific Ocean, because they have  We must be in Wisconsin
No
Millions of gallons coming down from the north
They have this massive valve
You're talking about a valve, this is a serious valve, and they turn it and it  Because they have a tiny, tiny little fish that's doing very poorly with or without the water
So in the meantime, if you own a home on Beverly Hills, they scream at you if you want to water your grass a little bit, right? But you have no water coming in
They divert millions and millions of gallons
And what we've just done for the people of California is we've made it possible on a federal basis that they don't have to divert all that water anymore
Now that's only good for California, but these are the things we do
And now the last one is we're working on cars
We're making them less expensive and safer
We're giving them a tiny little bit more fuel and you're going to save on average $3,500
You're going to have a heavier car, a little bit, meaning you'll have steel instead of paper mache walls
And we're getting a lot of good response
And environmentally, it's better, because now people  the number is 12
From 12 years ago, with the old gas guzzlers, they'll all be trading in their cars to get the new cars, which they don't do right now
So it's really going to be something, and we're in a little fight with California over that
But I think ultimately we win that one
You'll buy a better car, a safer car, for less money
Not a bad combination
Not a bad thing
To lift up forgotten communities that need investment the most, we've created opportunity zones
Jobs and investment are now pouring into 120 newly designated opportunity zones right here in Wisconsin
And Ron Johnson helped and Tim Scott of South Carolina helped, right? They're doing great
They are doing good
And for decades politicians ran for office promising to defend Wisconsin workers, but then they went to Washington and lined their pockets with special interest cash as they shipped your jobs and your dreams to countries thousands of miles away
Countries that you've never even heard of
Globalist politicians lowered our economic defenses and allowed other nations to rob your factories, steal your farms
By the way, no estate tax on those beautiful farms
We got rid of that
So now, if you love your children and you have a farm or a small business or small ranch, or even a large ranch, you have no estate tax
You can give it to the kids
If you don't love your children  Anybody in here does not love their children? There are some
Come on, raise your hand
There are some
You know, they're brats
They're little brats
They're horrible human beings
So if you're one of them, this doesn't help you, because you'll save some tax
The fact is, no estate tax on these small businesses and farms
That's a tremendous thing, because you are dying, you are leaving the business to your kids
They all said, Thank you very much, Daddy and Mommy, and then they went out and mortgaged the hell out of the place and they ended up losing it to the banks
But we got rid of the estate tax on small farms and businesses and really great things
Little stuff like that we've done that we never said we were going to do, but these people were ransacking your communities
But we are defenseless no more, because at long last you have a president who puts America first
Been a long time
Been a long time
Been a long time
We're putting America first
No issue of Washington Democrats more thoroughly betrayed the American people than that of immigration
He goes, Traitor
Are you having a good time, sir? I think you are
Goes, Traitor
I guess in a certain way they are traitors, when you think about it
Left wing politicians, I call them the Do Nothing Democrats, support deadly sanctuary cities, demonstrating their contempt, scorn and disdain for everyday Americans
These jurisdictions release dangerous, violent, criminal aliens out of their jails and directly onto your streets where they are free to rob, attack and murder American citizens
You have it right here
You have it right here
Last year, ICE  I love ICE
I think they're so great
You know, they moved thousands of MS-13 out of our country, thousands, and others too
But ICE officers in this region of our country arrested nearly 7,000 illegal aliens with criminal records
So you have 7,000 illegal aliens having criminal records, including those charged or convicted of murder, burglary, robbery, drug crimes, killings in the most violent way
Right here in Wisconsin, cities run by far left politicians are releasing dangerous criminal aliens who abuse, assault and threaten innocent children
Your children
Last year, a place I like, the sanctuary County of Milwaukee, released an illegal alien criminal with multiple charges for sexual assault of child
Think of that, of children
He's now at large
They're searching all over and he's looking for yet another victim
They're searching all over
Allowed to go from your sanctuary city
In the city of Madison, police arrested an illegal alien for sexual assault
After authorities released him, he committed violent battery, only to be released one more time
They're looking for him again
Isn't that nice? The same illegal alien was then arrested for a third time in September and charged with multiple sexual assaults, including sexual assault of a child
Now that criminal is once again in Wisconsin jail and I call on your left wing officials to stop the madness and to work with ICE to ensure he is deported the hell back home
Get him out of our country
Democrats stand for crime, corruption and chaos
Republicans stand for law, order and justice
It's true
It's true
We believe Wisconsin should be a sanctuary for law-abiding Americans, not for criminal aliens
We are removing these illegal criminals and gang members by the tens of thousands and we will not let them back
We made a deal with Guatemala, Honduras, El Salvador, Mexico, where they accept them back
Under the Obama administration, they get them, they bring them back
And Honduras and Guatemala, which they get that, we're not taking them back, but with us, they take them back
They take them back
Very great
It helped a lot when we were paying them hundreds of millions of dollars a year
Think of it
I just said, we're not paying them anymore
All of a sudden they said, We would love to have our wonderful gang members back
We would love to have our gang members back, sir
Thanks to our tireless efforts to secure the border, we have reduced illegal border crossings, seven straight months in a row, and we're being helped by our new 100 miles plus of wall
Illegal crossings are down 78% since May and we have ended catch and release
That was a tough one
Our very big and very powerful border wall is going up at a record speed and we're fully financed now
Isn't that nice? That wasn't easy
That was not easy
We're adding new miles every week and we are on track to soon build that wall
You're going to have a wall like no other
It's going to be a powerful, terrific wall
And walls do work
I hate to say, remember the Democrats, You don't need walls
Oh really? We need drones
They wanted us to put drones flying around, taking pictures of everybody
Now, did you see on part of the new wall two days ago, illegal aliens with drugs on their back were climbing the wall
They got to the top
You know that paddle on top is called a climb resistor
It's very slippery and very hot, very hot, and they got stuck on the wall
They couldn't get off the wall
Did you see that? I was watching the news
I was surprised that the fake news showed it and I said, Isn't that a beautiful sight? They couldn't get over the wall
Couldn't get off
They had to get the fire department to get them down
Do you believe that? 30 feet up, that's like almost a four story building
Washington Democrats have never been more extreme than they are now
They're going crazy
They're going totally loony
Nervous nancy, how about Nervous  How about her district? Her district is so filthy dirty
It's filthy dirty with all of the things, I won't say it, but the needles and everything else
These are areas that were, 10 years ago, the best in the country and now they're disgusting
She ought to spend more time back in San Francisco taking care of her community, instead of wasting everybody's time
But taking their cues from socialist Bernie Sanders, AOC, all these people, liberal lawmakers are pushing a government takeover of healthcare that would strip 180 million Americans of their private health insurance
Many of you have great insurance
Republicans will never let that happen
They'll probably change their mind before the  See, this is why I don't like talking about it now
I'd rather wait six, seven, eight months, let them say it 5, 000 times when they have to do it, and then talk extreme late term abortion, because Republicans believe that every child is a sacred gift from God won five times
I said, I've done one, but I've won
But it's the beep
But no, seriously, we're all smart people
How is it good when they say, We're going to raise your taxes? Is the world going crazy? They say, We're going to raise your taxes
We're going to open borders
Everybody can come in  for everybody's health insurance
Schooling
You know, one time  we're going to get everybody a Rolls Royce, and CNN or one of them said, They never said, and they never promised a Rolls Royce
Donald Trump lied tonight
I said, Every illegal alien will have a Rolls Royce
They said, He lied tonight
These people are sick
But they're the party of late term abortion, socialism and corruption
The Republican party is the party of the American worker, the American family, the American Dream, and of course, honest Abe Lincoln, right? Republicans are fighting for citizens from every background and from every race, religion, color, and creed
We are a movement
There's a movement like nobody's ever seen before
You know, when I mention this, anything I say that's even slightly false, it's headlines
Trump said this
These people
He said this
This is one of the greatest  I would say this
This is the greatest movement in the history of our country
I really believe that
Never been a movement like this
I mean, there have been some great movements where somebody came along and out of nowhere won the state of New Hampshire, won Iowa, won South Carolina down the way, won a state some place
But we won 32 states
There's never been a movement like this, never happened before
But we're a movement for all Americans who believe in fairness and justice, equality and dignity, opportunity and safety
We are a big tent and we are a big party of big ideas for the future
That's why African Americans are joining the Republican Party like nobody ever thought even possible
They love us and we love them
And to give former prisoners a second chance at life, we passed
It was us, not the Democrats
They came to me, they wanted help, I gave them help
I got it done
I called Republicans that maybe wouldn't have been so inclined, some of them
Some of them very much inclined
Some of them very conservative were very much inclined
But I got the people that we needed
Obama couldn't do it
Bush couldn't do it
Nobody could do it
I got it approved, and from the day it was approved, I got no thanks, I got no credit
And that's okay, because you know, right? But we passed bi-partisan criminal justice reform and that's helped so many people
I mean, you know the story of Alice Johnson
You know so many different stories
It's helped so many people, especially in the African-American community, the Hispanic community
It's helped a lot of people
It's a different world
To uphold the rule of law, we have confirmed 187 federal judges, a record, who will interpret the constitution as written
187
Last spring, Wisconsin voters, as you know, elected a great judge to your State Supreme Court, and this spring you have a chance to reelect another terrific judge, Justice Daniel Kelly
Go vote for Justice Daniel Kelly to defend the rule of law in Wisconsin
Daniel Kelly
We are aggressively combating the opioid epidemic and we've done great  Look, until you get rid of it, you never did great, but we have done numbers that nobody thought possible
In 2018, drug overdose deaths, the overdose deaths, fell for the first time in decades, including by 10% in the state of Wisconsin, 17, 18, 19 and even 21% in a couple of states
China is now putting a big stop, a big lid on Fentanyl, which is a disaster coming out of China
Said to president, You've got to do it
People are dying, got to do it
They're doing it
We are fighting very hard for school choice and it's moving along well in Wisconsin
Milwaukee created the first school choice program 30 years ago to free children for failing government schools, and now my administration is working to give school choice to every child in America who needs it
As we continue rebuilding our military, workers are building brand new Humvee replacements  you know about that  in Oshkosh and magnificent new little old combat ships in Marinette
A lot of ships, a lot of Humvees
I recognized Israel's true capital and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem
We recognized Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights, something they've been trying to get for 52 years
For years you watched as your politicians apologized for America
Now you have a president who is standing up for America, and we are standing up for you, the people of Wisconsin
At stake in our present battle is the survival of the nation
What these people are doing, they will destroy our nation
They will destroy our nation
And our last election was so important
I don't know, maybe the most important ever, but it was so important
I really believe that this election maybe in its own way will be just as important
I can't say more, but just as important, because we need time for that tree to grow
You plant a tree and it takes time
We need time for that tree to grow, and we have other things that we want to do
If you want your children to inherit the blessings that generations of Americans have fought and died for to secure, then we must devote everything we have toward victory in 2020
Have to do it
Only this way can we save the America we love and drain the Washington swamp once and for all, and I have found out what a swamp it is
Bad people
I have become the expert all what a swamp
You know, when I used to say, Drain the swamp, I had no idea it would be that bad
But we're winning
We're here and they're not
We're winning
We're winning
Bad people
Dishonest, bad people
With your help, we will lift millions more of our citizens from welfare to work, dependence to independence, and poverty to prosperity
Together we will elect a Republican Congress to create a fair, safe, sane, and lawful system of immigration, which now we're already doing
We're already doing a lot of it
You've got to get loopholes
You know, you need their votes
We have loopholes, like visa lottery
We put names in a lottery and they come in, they become American citizens
Do you think these countries are giving us their finest? Oh, let's give them our best citizens, put them in
These people are crazy to allow this to happen, so we're stopping it all
But ending catch and release was a very big thing, and we did that with no Democrat help
They wouldn't do it
It's called loopholes
Who wouldn't want to end loopholes? We will enact trade deals that result in more products proudly stamped with that beautiful phrase, Made in the USA
We will achieve new breakthroughs in science and medicine, finding new cures for childhood cancer and ending the AIDS epidemic in America in less than 10 years
Who would've thought that? We will defend privacy, free speech, religious liberty, and the right to keep and bear arms
And above all, we will never stop fighting for the sacred values that bind us together as one America
We support, protect and defend the Constitution of the United States of America
We stand with the incredible heroes of law enforcement
We believe in the dignity of work and the sanctity of life
We believe that faith and family, not government and bureaucracy, are the true American way
We believe that children should be taught to love our country, honor our history, and to always respect our great American flag
And we live by the words of our national motto, In God we trust
They'll always be there
We'll never let up remove it
Those words will always be there
From Milwaukee to Monroe, from Bayfield to Green Bay, good luck this weekend
And from West Bend to West Dallas, we stand on the shoulders of the most courageous men and women ever to walk on the face of the earth
Our American ancestors crossed the oceans, settled a continent, tamed the wilderness, revolutionized industry, pioneered science, won two world wars, defeated fascism and communism, landed men on the face of the moon, and made America the greatest nation in the history of the world, and we are making it greater than ever before
Proud citizens like you helped build this country, and together we are taking back our country
We are returning power to you, the American people
With your help, your devotion and your drive we are going to keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning
We are one movement
We are one people
We are one family and one glorious nation under God
America is thriving like never before, and ladies and gentlemen of Wisconsin, the best is yet to come
You watch
Because working together, we will make America wealthy again, we will make America strong again, we will make America proud again, we will make America safe again, and we will make America great again
Thank you, Wisconsin
Thank you

Well, I thank you very much
So I want to start by saying, Hello, Nevada
How are you doing? How are you? And I'm thrilled to be in Douglas County, but people are coming from all over the place
There's a lot of people for Douglas County, isn't it? We have thousands and thousands of loyal, hardworking American patriots, that's what we have
And 52 days from now, we're going to win Nevada, and we're going to win four more years in the White House
And then after that we'll negotiate, right? Cause we're probably, based on the way we were treated, we're probably entitled to another four after that
And it should never happen to another President
That's just a dishonest group of people
But here we are, and we're going to be here for another four years
The governor of your state-  tried very hard to stop us from having this event tonight
He didn't like us having They can have riots and they can have all sorts of things and that's okay, you can burn up the house, that's okay
We call this a protest because if you call it a protest, you're allowed to have it
It's okay
So if anybody asks you outside, this is called a friendly protest, okay? It's true
You can't have political rallies
That's because of me, because if Biden were here, he'd have about three people
Do you ever see him with his little circles? The circle? You know why he puts the circles? Because he wants to be like correct with COVID, but it's not really because they can't get anybody to fill up a room
So they put these big circles
So he can't get anybody to fill
Nobody wants to go
Oh, boy, the fake news, look at all those people back there, the fakers
That's true
Boy, they covered
Did you see the other day, now they're finding out that to do an interview, an interview, they ask him a question
That means they're giving him the questions, they never gave me questions before
So to do an interview, he demands on getting the questions, and his people write out the answer
So they ask him a question
He goes, Bring it up closer, I can't see it, dammit
Great
This is something
You know, we have a debate coming up in three weeks
And here's the problem
Winston Churchill
Did you ever hear of Winston Churchill? Winston Churchill was a great debater
Great
And if Joe gets off the stage, walks off the stage, if he makes it, which I think he probably will, in all fairness, he's been doing this for 47 years, right? I think he probably will
If he gets off the stage, they're going to say it was the single greatest debate they've ever seen
Winston Churchill was nothing compared to Sleepy Joe
You know that, you know that, they're going to say, What a great performance
He was great today
He was great
This guy was great
Nah, he's not great
But your governor tried to stop us
He tried to stop us
The governor of Nevada, he tried to stop us, and we went to different venues
Kelly O'Donnell, she's a fading reporter for NBC
Do you know that? She was on, she said, Well, they have a crowd tonight
Behind her, it looked like 25,000 people
That's what we have, by the way, a lot more coming in
But she said, He's got maybe a thousand people, a thousand
You know what I got? I have a thousand people here
No, this is the fake news
You know what? It's not a question of how many They are just a bunch of dishonest people, I've never seen anything like it
Being in real estate and being in New York and being in all over, I've seen a lot of dishonest people
I think the media, the fake news is the most dishonest group of people I've ever seen anywhere in my entire life
And that includes, by the way, leaders of foreign countries that aren't our friends, okay? That's a big statement
They really are bad news
But here we are, and this is really amazing
The governor tried to stop us, he couldn't, but think of this, he's in control of millions of votes
Here's a guy calling venues, telling them not to have the rally, calling different venues, Don't have the rally
We're not going to let you have the rally
And he's calling, this governor who was a political hack, he was a political hack, and then he became governor
And this is the guy that we're entrusting with millions of ballots, unsolicited ballots, millions and millions
And then we're supposed to win these states, and we have a guy that would do that where he won't let us have, and we call it a protest and therefore we can do it
But you want to know something? It's a disgrace
So who the hell is going to trust? They say, Trust government
Well, how would you trust a guy that fought that we aren't here, that we can't have all these thousands of people? Boy, you are really back far
That's Look at that
No, but seriously
And now he's in charge of the election and the millions of ballots
So if I'm up like millions of votes, he can rig the election, he can rig the election
And I'll tell you what, whether it's in North Carolina, whether it's in Michigan, whether it's in other states where they're sending out, they're going to be sending out 80 million ballots
And it's Democrats
They're trying to rig this election, at every single place in the last year, year and a half, go modern day, forget about Tiny amounts, a congressional race in New York, a small number of votes
If you go to New Jersey, if you go to Virginia, if you go to Pennsylvania, if you go to California, look at some of these races, every one of these races was a fraud, missing ballots
And I don't mean like 1%
I mean like 20%, 25%, they're trying to rig the election
They should make people, if you register, if you want a solicited ballot, that's where you ask for it
You have to sign papers
You get it because you can't be there
That's one thing
When they send 80 million ballots to people, they have no idea where they're going
Actually, they probably do have a good idea where they're going, and that's our problem
They send 80 million ballots out
Where are they going? Who are they sending them to? Are they sending them to certain areas and not other areas? Are they sending them to Democrat areas? These are all controlled by Democrat governors, like your politically motivated governor
So, just to finish on that, look, just to finish on that, he's a guy that tried to silence us by not having this
And it ended up, our crowd turned out to be a lot bigger than NBC, which is owned by Concast
C-O-N, Concast
C-O-N-C-A-S-T, Concast
It's really Comcast, but I call it con because it's a whole con
I'll tell you what, in the old days, I think it should still be, news when they broadcast had to be reasonably accurate, right? And they had licensing
Today, they can do whatever the hell they want
It's fake news, and it's a disgrace
And you know what, back there, and I'll tell you, it's hurting our country
It's hurting our country
They're the biggest problem that this country has is the fake news media, worse than the Democrats, because the Democrats are their partners
They play together
Joe Biden spent the last 47 years selling out America, offshoring your jobs, throwing open your borders, depleting our military and sacrificing your children's future in China
I've spent the last four years bringing our jobs back to America, securing our borders, rebuilding our military and standing up to China like never before
Nobody has ever stood up to China like we have stood up to China, and you haven't seen the last of it
Sleepy Joe Biden, who surrendered, you know where he is now, he's in his damn basement again
No, he's in his basement
He's in his basement
But I can be bad to him because he put the most vicious ad on television that I've ever seen
Do you know what I'm talking about? Where I'm standing over the graves of our fallen warriors, our fallen heroes
These are great people, the greatest people there are, and I'm standing over there and they have some sleazebag reporter from a third rate magazine having some source quoting me saying, I won't even use the term, but saying bad things
And there's nobody that loves our military, respects it and the people more than me
And they took And I didn't even ask
We had 25 people that were witnesses that are on the record already that have said that never took place
It never took place, what they said
And yet pathetic Joe, and he's a pathetic human being to allow that to happen
Here's the problem, he doesn't even know what happened, I don't think
I think he has no idea, but he's a pathetic human being to let that happen, where they put an ad like that, where I'm standing over graves
And then they said, He said this, with no sources, no nothing
They got nothing
And I have 25 real witnesses with the names, with everything, saying it never happened
And they put an ad like that up, they're a disgrace
But you know the good part? Now I can be really vicious
I can be really vicious
And we'll start by saying, we're going to start by saying that the Democrats are trying to rig this election because it's the only way they're going to win
The only way they're going to win is to rig it
Biden's surrendered your jobs to China
Look, his son walked away with a billion and a half dollars, give me a break, give me a His son's going to say, Dad, you can't take this money away
Don't do it, Dad, please, I don't You know how much experience he had? There's a young man here, he's a very young, young man, handsome young guy
He's about like 12
You know what? He's got more experience than Hunter
Hunter
Where's Hunter? Where is he? With no experience, no knowledge of energy, no job, got thrown out of the military You know he got thrown out, by the way
I used to be nice about that
Now I don't
Once I saw that ad, I don't have to be nice anymore
Okay, I really mean it
And by the way, on that ad, I know some horrible people, horrible human beings, some of the worst people in the world, I really do, they're horrible, none of those people, and they're the worst, the worst, real estate developers in New York, you don't get much worse
I know some of the worst people in the world, not one person do I know that would say that, standing on top of graves, of heroes, really, not one person
So I will tell you this, so now we can play it like it is
Let's face it, Joe is shot
Let's face it, okay? He's shot
So not that he has anything to do because he won't know what's happening
He'll just be locked up in a room someplace, and the radical left is going to be running our country
Four more years, four more years, four more years, four more years, four more years, four more years, four more years, four more years, four more years! Thank you
But now he wants to surrender our country to the violent left wing mob
You know that
If Biden wins, China wins
If Biden wins, the mob wins
You see what's going on with all these democratic or I always say Democrat-run cities and states
It's a disaster
It's a disaster
And we keep saying, Let us bring in the troops
Well, we did it in Minneapolis, we ended it
In 45 minutes, it was ended
They went through two weeks
By the way, we could do it in Portland in half an hour
It would all be over
But we have these stupid people that think How about that poor mayor? Is that pathetic, Wheeler, is that pathetic? They forced him out of his home
He's now finding a new home, it's so nice
It's pathetic
Honestly, it's pathetic
We could solve that problem in a half an hour, just like we did
And by the way, the US Marshals did a great job in Portland
They did a great job
You know what I mean
If Biden wins, the rioters win, the anarchists win, arsonists, flag burners, they all win
I'm running for reelection to bring prosperity to Nevada, to the whole country
I've been here a long time
I have some things in Nevada that are very good to put violent criminals behind bars and to ensure the future belongs to America, not to China
I do get a kick out of watching a guy, Oh, I'm going to do this
He copied my whole plan
You see, he says, Buy America, I said, Where the hell have you been for the last half century? Thank you
Could I ask the fake news to take your cameras and show all the way back there for hundreds of yards, all the way back there
Take your cameras
Go as far as the eye can see
No, no, tell NBC News it's not a thousand people
You can't see it
You can't see it down here
You won't believe how many people
That thing goes back So the bottom line is when we win, America wins, that's what's happening
And nobody's done to China what I did
Look, billions, tens of billions of dollars of tariffs we took in
I gave $28 billion to farmers
The farmers are doing very well
They're doing very well
Thank you
Thank you, President Trump
28 billion
16 billion one year 12 billion
They were targeted
I said, How much is it? Sonny Perdue, Secretary of Agriculture, great guy, said, How much were they hurt by? Sir, 12 billion two years ago and 16 billion last year
I said, All right, good
We'll take it out of China
We gave them 28 billion, to the farmers
That never happened before
You think Joe Biden would even think about it? He wouldn't even think about it
He wouldn't even think about it
No, he's more worried about, does he have a teleprompter to answer a reporter's question
The worst part about that isn't the fact that he's doing that, because let's face it, he's unable, okay? It's not that, it's that the fake news would give him the questions
They never gave me the questions
Did you ever give me questions, back there? Did you ever give me They don't give me questions
The fake news would give him questions, but of course now Donna Brazile works for Fox, so that's gone a long way
Remember? Remember when Donna Brazile gave crooked Hillary the questions, right? To a debate? And then she said, Well, I don't think I did it
I don't remember
I knew she was in trouble when she said, I don't remember doing that
I don't remember
She didn't remember
Oh, okay
Well, as long as you don't remember
It's true
It's true too
It's true
You know what, I used to stand back and I'd say, Be quiet, please
Don't say that
It's really not nice
You know it's true
She deleted 33 Think of it
They'll never find the emails because they were acid washed, deleted
But you know what? She got a subpoena from the United States Congress, right? And she and her lawyer deleted 33,000 emails after she got a United States subpoena
And you say, Why isn't she guilty of a major crime? Right? And then she took her telephones and she smashed them with a hammer
Right? And then she took the other ones, and she deleted them
And now the Mueller scam, these people, the worst people
I have a friend, a very smart guy, very streetwise guy
He said, You have to be the most honest guy in the world to go through three years of investigations, where they have the worst human beings in the world
They worked for the Democrats
They worked I mean, Mueller didn't have a clue
This guy was totally But look at this Weissmann, how bad was Weissmann? He deleted his phone
That's illegal
He deleted everything
They all deleted
And they all said, Oh gee, we made a mistake
We're sorry
They all used the same mistake
They all made It was, Oh gee, we didn't mean to do that
Every one of them, all of them
I think it was 31 different phones, they deleted
These are criminals we're dealing with
And they've got to There has to be a repercussion
There has to be a repercussion
We're dealing with criminals
So I don't care if you say it anymore because you know what? She illegally deleted, and her lawyers should go to jail with her, okay? And the fact is the Republican party doesn't play it rough and tough like those people, they don't play it the same way
They're too nice
And we have better policy
Thank goodness we have better We believe in borders
We believe in no sanctuary cities
We believe in lowering taxes
We have better, but our people don't We have some that are very good
Jim Jordan, good, right? Jim Jordan
Mark Meadows, good, right? No, we have some very good, but I'll tell you what, we play it so nice, and in the end it's not right because what they get away with And Obama and Biden got caught spying on our campaign using the intelligence, I put that in quotes, using intelligence to spy on our campaign, and they got caught
They got caught
And if it was me that got caught, forget about it
But they got caught and somebody said,  Well I know, but he was President
Oh great, I'm President too
And a hell of a lot better President than he is, I can tell you that
Obama came into office, they gave him the Nobel Prize, like almost immediately, right? In fact, he didn't even know why he got it
He didn't even know, he had no idea why he got it
And he was right about that because nobody else does either
They still don't know, but we've done a lot of things
So we were nominated a few days ago for a Nobel Prize, which is a big thing
Nobel Peace Prize
And then yesterday we were nominated a second time for another Nobel Prize
Now, that's a big thing
To me, it's a big thing, even though obviously it's a very political thing, but it's a very big thing
The Nobel Peace Prize, right? I got, it was just reported
I'm just reporting this, I got zero time on the nightly news, on the network news
Zero, zero
We got zero time
Think of it, the President of your country is honored by being nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize, and your nightly news, ABC, which is terrible, CBS, which is terrible, and probably the worst of all owned by Concast, they spend a fortune on PR, and then every time I get up, I call them Concast and sort of wipe out their fortune
But they are bad people
But NBC is the worst of them all, not one mentioned
These people are corrupt
Not one mentioned, not one mentioned
So your President gets a Nobel and, at least a nomination, and they don't mention it
Joe Biden cannot lead our country because he doesn't really believe in our country
Right now, I don't think he believes in anything, he just wants to go to sleep
That's all
Please, darling, I want to go to bed
I'm exhausted
I made one speech yesterday
But darling, they gave you the answers and the questions
I know, but that was a big strain because my eyes, I couldn't see the teleprompter
This guy is the worst
I am And you know, it's going to maybe come back to haunt me because we have a rigged election
It's a rigged election
It's the only way we're going to lose, but I'll tell you what, he is the worst candidate in the history of Presidential He is the worst candidate in the history of presidential politics
He doesn't know he's alive
He doesn't know he's alive
And I got to know President Xi of China very well, President Putin of Russia, Kim Jong-un
By the way, what happened to the war? I thought we was going to war with Kim Jong-un
Where's the war? Where's the war? Oh, I see
Oh, I see
It never happened, did it? Never happened, did it? Well, maybe some day, could happen
No, remember? Trump is going to be   You know my personality, right? Trump is going to be a war at within the first week after he wins
Where's the war
?In fact, the peace prize was because I stayed out of wars, and by the way, ended certain Wars that could have happened that you don't even know about
And look what we did just yesterday in Europe, and look what we did with Israel, and you just saw that, with United Arab Emirates, and Bahrain
Thank you
Thank you
Thank you
Thank you very much
Thank you very much
Now, after this is over, you'll have like at NBC, this third-rate reporter stand up
They had a small crowd, a insignificant crowd, in a great location
You know how great it was? We landed, we had to drive for 50 minutes
That's how great
But I like it anyway
I'll take it
I'll take it anyway
I like it
You're my kind of people
We love each other
I like it
We landed the big, beautiful Air Force One
I just asked as we're coming in, Why couldn't we have landed here? I would have rather, then I could have had the plane right behind me
Instead, we have the beast
See the beast
What you don't know is the beast costs almost as much as the plane
It's a hell of a car
It's a walking army tank, the beast
But we could have
I said, Why don't we just land here? And we couldn't
So I get off the plane
Oh, good
How long will it be? About 50 minutes
That's a long drive
And driving here, there were tens of thousands of people on the streets with flags
And then you read these fake reporters and they say, President Trump is tied in Nevada, tied
I don't think so
The only way we're tied is if they screw around with the ballots, which they will do in my opinion
Okay? We're not tied anywhere
I asked some people that traveled with Obama
I said, Was it the same thing? They say, Not even a tiny fraction of what you have
There's not even a fraction
We have more enthusiasm
We have more spirit than any campaign that anybody's ever seen
It's true
And that includes 2016, where the enthusiasm obviously was great
How about all those states that we weren't supposed to win? No, he won't win there
He won't win there
Then all night long, Donald Trump won the great state of Texas
Donald Trump won the great state of   this and that, and one after another
Was that one of the coolest things, watching their people go crazy? They went crazy
No, they went crazy
How is he going to do in Georgia? Well, I think George is going to be very close
It's going to be very close
They go, The polls in Georgia have closed
Donald Trump wins the state of Georgia
You know why? Because we won by so much, that they can do it simultaneously by saying, The polls closed, and he won
We had many of them
Right? And by the way, we're doing great
I just had  Florida is a biggie, a good one
And we are winning in Florida by a lot, so that's good
A lot
I'll tell you here, because you don't read about that stuff
They don't like to write that
They don't like to write it
They have all fake polls
I'll tell you what, the polls are worse than the writing
Actually, in my opinion, the polls, they're suppression polls, they're meant to make people discouraged, Even me, I'm supposed to be discouraged
And fortunately, four years ago, we weren't discouraged, because if we would have believed the polls, nobody would have voted
The concept is really make people feel so that on election, they go, Darling, let's go out to dinner
It's so sad about the president
I wish he was going to win, but let's go out to dinner
Then we'll come home
Let's not bother voting, right? Let's not bother voting
See, it's a suppression, but my people might don't get suppressed
My people go out and vote
My people go out and vote
There's no suppression
Phony polls
How about the guy? The New York times hired this pollster, this great genius
He never called one wrong
I don't know
Three, 46

I don't know what the hell  It's called three 40  What's his deal? 00
We were given a very tiny chance
What chance did he give us? Like 9%, something like that
You know, they gave him millions of dollars shortly before, because he never called one wrong
He called that one wrong
He called that one wrong
And this is the one  I mean, I must tell you they're a little more accurate
At least here they have us even in a lot of places
 He's even
Well, we're not even, we're not even
This is going to be the greatest victory
This is a more important election than four years ago, I'll tell you, more important
Because at no time before, has there been a clearer choice between two parties or two visions, two philosophies, two agendas for the future
There's never been anything like this
On November 3rd, Nevada will decide whether we will quickly return to record prosperity, like we had
We had the greatest economy in the history  not of our country, in the world
We were beating everybody
We were beating China
Remember, if you go back, some of you go back, if you go back 10 years, 15 years, five years, everything was  In 2019, China will overtake the United States as the largest economy
And that didn't work out too well for them
That didn't work out
We were just doing leaps and bounds
We were doing so great, and then we got hit with the plague, the China plague
And we're not thrilled
It's a disgrace
Nobody should have died
Nobody should have died
We got hit
The whole world got hit, but they stopped it from going into the rest of China
They stopped it from going into China, but they didn't stop it from coming into the US and Europe and 188 countries
So whether or not we allow Biden to impose the biggest tax increase in the history of our country, $4 trillion, or ban  He wants to ban energy, ban American  He wants to stop fracking
Hey, by the way, when he was running as a Democrat, in the worst debate performances I've ever seen
Okay? What do you think  He was unable to answer anything
Are you awake, sir? Sir, please wake up
And who was the worst? Who treated him the worst? Kamala
Kamala
She's another beauty
She started off as a favorite
She was at 15
Then she went down to 14, to 12, to 10
She was like a dropping rock in water
She was going down so fast
Then she went down to five and four and three, two, and then she said, I got to get the hell out of here
This is getting embarrassing
And nobody treated him worse than Kamala
Right? She called him a racist
She called him everything
She was horrible to him
And he says, She was Kamala
She's just great
Oh, yeah
These people, these people
You're supposed to choose the people that did well
She got out before Iowa, as I remember
Right? She didn't want to run in Iowa, and then Bernie got  Again, this guy is the greatest loser ever because- No, no
No, he's a good sport, Bernie, crazy Bernie
He's so crazy, but he's a good sport, because with Hillary, they really did
Do we have any young children here? I know it's on a lot of television
Could you turn the television off just for a minute, just for about three seconds? He got screwed
Right? Okay
Now you can turn it back on
But then they really did with this last one, because if Pocahontas, Elizabeth Warren, if she would have left the race one day before the big Super Tuesday, I mean, Bernie would have her philosophy, right? Liberals
And I would say, she'll be president
If he ever wants, she'll be president within the first month or so, I would say
I think it's just an excuse
Using him as just an excuse to get the super libs in there, so they can destroy our suburbs, demolish our Second Amendment, erase your borders and indoctrinate your children with poisonous, anti-American lies in school
So under my leadership, we built the greatest economy in the history of the world
And now we're doing it again
We're doing it again
You've seen the numbers
And we're developing a vaccine in record time
It will be ready before the end of the year and maybe much sooner than that
They're very unhappy about that
It's amazing
We have a couple of really great experts, one who's  We call him Dr
Scott
You know who I'm talking about? He's great
He said, this is the only time  They were grilling him on television, saying, Well, the vaccine's going too fast
You know why that's too fast? Because they don't want it to happen before the election
He said, This is the only thing in the world
I've never seen anything like it
Everybody wants a vaccine
And when we start getting it fast, because President Trump happens to be president   and we've done this in record time, years ahead of schedule
If this was Sleepy Joe and Obama, you wouldn't have a vaccine for three years
But listen, he said, This is the craziest thing
So you're going to have a vaccine quickly
Right? And everybody's upset about it
So now they're trying to hurt the vaccine
And they're trying to say as many bad  They know nothing about it, but they're trying to hurt it, and it's a shame
But he said it better than anybody I've heard
He said, You're trying to hurt this country by saying bad things about the vaccine, because we're going to produce it early
It's the craziest thing
Think about it
Now, having a vaccine is good, but we're rounding the turn regardless
We're rounding the turn, and it's happening
I mean, it's happening
You see
Florida is way down
Texas is now way down
Arizona, governor's done a great job
All three governors have done a great job
And Louisiana now, they had a spike, but they had the spike, but the spike was able to be handled, because now we understand
And what we did, we saved millions of lives, because I hated to do it, but we had to close it up, understand this disease, and then open up again
And we opened, but we would have had 2 million, two and a half, or three million people
Think of it
We're at like around 180,000
One is too many
One, too many
But we would've had two and a half, three, three and a half million people
It would not have been acceptable, would not have been sustainable
We've done an incredible job
And these people that have done it with me, the ventilators, the vaccines, the therapeutics, these people  I mean the hospitals, the beds that we built, the ships that we sent to New York, the ships that we sent
To have an ungrateful governor in New York, Cuomo, to have an ungrateful governor
We sent him ships
We sent them ships
We sent them
We built a convention center with 2,800 beds, and he didn't use the beds for senior citizens
He hardly used the beds at all
He hardly used the ships at all
He said we did a phenomenal job, and now he gets political
He wants to get political with me
A real wise guy, but that's okay
You got to see what they are doing between him and de Blasio
That's a beauty
What they've done to my beautiful city
I love that city so much
What they've done is so horrible
The highest taxes in the land, crime all over the place
They're like 300% up in crime
We need Rudy to come out of retirement
But we're defeating the China virus
When Biden was vice president, he was a complete disaster on the swine flu, which was a much easier thing to handle
Joe Biden's own chief of staff said that when Biden managed swine flu in 2009, they quote, Did every possible thing wrong
This is the guy that worked for him in charge of the swine flu
And 60 million Americans got H1N1 in a period of time
And it's just purely a  He said it was just  we were lucky
He said, It's just lucky that there weren't great mass casualties
Different kinds of a disease, a little bit
And what he said is amazing
He said we did nothing right
This is the man that's going to tell us all about building ventilators
You think Joe is going to be able to build thousands of ventilators a month? Which now we're doing, and sending them to all these countries, all over the world, who have no hope of building ventilators, and they need them badly
So it's an amazing thing
The outbreak was so rampant that Obama-Biden, the administration, told States to stop testing immediately, and they ordered the CDC to stop counting cases because they looked like hell, okay? We didn't do that
By the way, the reason we show so many cases, because we have the best testing program in the world, by far, by far
Biden's record demonstrates that if he had been in charge when the China virus arrived, hundreds of thousands of more Americans would have died
As vice president, he presided over the worst and the weakest and the slowest economic recovery since the Great Depression
You've heard that before
It was the most pathetic recovery since the Depression
No state was hit harder by Biden's failure than Nevada
And I was out here and that right about that
You got hit hard
This is not the guy you want
But Biden wants to raise your taxes so high
He would eradicate your economy
He'd put on new regulations, and it wouldn't be him again
I'm going to keep saying it
It will be the people that control him
He's a puppet
And then he wants to do a complete shutdown
We're setting records
We just set a job record for four months, 10
4 million people
Listen to this
So when we had this pandemic worldwide, look, it's a terrible thing that a thing like this happened
People were saying we could go to 41, 42% unemployment
You know what we are now? 8
4%
I don't say that's  If you would have said that  And we have the strongest, highest stock market in history, so your 401ks are doing great
If he got in, we would have the greatest depression in the history of our country
I mean it
I think 1929 would look like good times
All right? Because he'd do everything wrong
He'd raise your taxes
He'd raised the hell out of interest rates
He'd do everything wrong
The Biden shutdown will permanently destroy the lives and dreams of tens of millions of Americans, inflict totally lasting harm on our children and lead countless deaths from suicide
Don't forget when you do these shutdowns, your state is shut down
You got a governor
You shut down, except if you have a riot
You're not shut down for riots
Riots, you can have, they can burn the hell out of the Strip
They can burn the hell out of Reno
They can do whatever the hell they want if it's a riot
But if you want to go to church, you can't do it
If you want to be in a group of people, you can't do it
But there's a lot of harm done on the other side
There's a lot of tremendous harm done
Remember, the cure can't be worse
Remember that
And on the other side, drugs, suicide, depression, substance abuse of different kinds, heart disease
You have tremendous problems on the other side
Open your schools, open up
We got to open up this state
And I guarantee you  And by the way, the states that are open are doing really well
They're doing much better than the ones that are closed
I don't know if you've been seeing the numbers
And this is just arithmetic
The states that are open are doing great
The states that are closed, North Carolina, what he's doing to that great state, he's got it locked down, shut down
Michigan, what she's doing
And we're trying to get Big 10 football by the way, but we won't even
Michigan, what she's doing to Michigan is unbelievable
Take a look at what they're doing to Pennsylvania
And here's another governor in charge of millions of ballots
So I'm going to win Pennsylvania, but what's he going to do with these ballots? Where are they going? Who are they sending? Who's sending it back? Who's signing? They don't even have to have an authorized signature in Nevada
Do you know that? They don't have to have  You don't have to have an authorized signature on a ballot? No
They're trying to rig an election, and we can't let that happen
I hope you're all going to be poll-watchers, I hope you are, because with you people watching the polls, it's going to be pretty hard to cheat
I'll tell you, I wouldn't want to be a cheater
They'll figure a way
No, they are
It's a very dangerous thing
It's a very dangerous thing, and I totally mean it
And I've been at it
And you see people
And by the way, it's not even politics
It's common sense
They said millions of ballots
People are getting ballots
People died and they're getting ballots
They're sending them to dogs
You see that? Dogs got ballot
Everybody's getting ballots
Probably everybody, but Republican are going to get the ballots
Right? And they're unsolicited
So when you say, solicited, because I like solicited better as a word than absentee
Absentee, nobody knows what the hell it's supposed to represent
It's not really a good definition
One is solicited, where you ask  You solicit the ballot
You want it, you sign papers
They send it to you
You send it back
It's okay
It's good
But unsolicited, where they take millions of ballots
So what happens? I happen to think the postal people are great, but what happens if one of the post guys, before he gives the ballots, he takes a whole handful and hands them to some Democrat political operative, right? And so, he hands him a thousand ballots, and the guy doesn't even have to  you don't have to have verification to do that
Now, here's the good news
We're in front of a court
And hopefully, the court's going to rule, because this is the greatest scam in the history of presidential politics
These people are  they've gone crazy
Biden and his party of liberal hypocrites want to lock law-abiding Americans in their homes, which is what they're doing
And they want to keep them out of church
They really do
They're fighting God, they're fighting guns, and they're fighting oil
Think of it
I don't think they'll do too well in Texas
Did you see where they said? We think the race will be quite close in Texas, but the president has an edge
Listen, I'm in favor of oil and energy
I'm in favor of religion and God
Okay? And I'm in favor of our great Second Amendment, guns
So he's against our Second Amendment
Okay, you know who he'd put in charge
Beto, Beto
Or as he says is, Beto, Beto
So when Beto was legit and then Ted Cruz beat him, and Ted did a very good job
I tell you, he did a great job
But Beto went totally south
He's gone crazy
So he now is a big gun guy
He wants to take guns away from everybody
So who did Biden put in charge? Beto
Remember Beto was interviewed in some magazine or third-rate magazine, most of them are, but remember? And Beto said, this was at the beginning before he got beat to hell
I said, He thought this was easy, didn't he? But remember when Beto said, I was born for this
As soon as I hear somebody's born for running for president, I said, He's out
That's the end of him
Nobody's born for this
This is tough stuff
I had a great life, I'll tell you
My life was so beautiful
What the hell did I do this for? But you know what? You know what? We are doing things that nobody's ever done before
And I say it all the time, and that's what makes me happy
We're dealing with very sick and very bad and evil people
But I'll tell you no administration in three-and-a-half years, no administration has done what we've done in the first three-and-a-half years
But they want to punish you for praying in church while they let agitators and arsonists burn your churches down
Look at Washington
They want to burn the churches down, and that's fine
But you want to go pray in church, they won't let you do that
Just last week, Biden proudly accepted the endorsement of pro-criminal, anti-police, Portland district attorney, who has a policy of releasing rioters, vandals, criminals, and violent extremists without any charges
No charges
Never saw anything
By the way, all of these places were talking about are Democrat- run, Chicago, New York, Portland, Seattle
The only reason Seattle got settled, because they knew we were going in
We told them, we're going in tomorrow morning
We're going to open it up
We're going to take it
It would have taken us 20 minutes
So they sent people that night, because they didn't want to be embarrassed
But look at what we've done
And so, every place we've touched, we solved the crime, but they have to ask us
If they don't ask us, we're not supposed to do it, but maybe we do it anyway
And it usually takes anywhere from 25 minutes to  And it usually takes anywhere from 25 minutes to about one hour
Wasn't that a beautiful sight though in Minneapolis, right? They're burning the poor city down
I love that state
I think we have a chance of winning in that state, first time in many years for a Republican
They're burning Minneapolis
You don't think of Minneapolis that way, right? You don't think of it
The city is burning down
You have this fake CNN reporter, what's his name? Velshi, the nice shaved head
Maybe I should try that, should I try that? No, I don't think   Donald Trump went down substantially in the polls, like about 40%
He showed up with a new haircut, it's called the shave head
Ali Velshi
And remember he said, No, this is a friendly protest
It's a friendly protest
And it's really quite nice
And people are throwing bottles at him, he's being hit with tear gas
This is a friendly protest
And you look over his shoulder and the entire city was burning
Do you remember the scene? The thing looked like it was 30 blocks, it was just burning
And he's talking about, this is all fake news and nobody would have known
I knew it before I did it, but I never knew it to this extent
I never knew it to this extent
It is corrupt
It's fake and they shouldn't be allowed to do it
They shouldn't be allowed
These are far left lunatics that Biden selects to staff his government
There are policies Biden's pledged to apply nationwide
You're going to have the suburbs, they have a plan
It doesn't matter, it's a regulation, very horrible regulation for the  Does anybody live in the suburbs? Because if you don't vote for Trump in the suburbs, okay
Women that live in the suburbs
They say, Oh, they don't like Donald Trump
I said, I think they do
Remember last time, remember it's the same thing
No, it's the same thing
Remember, last time, four years ago, Donald Trump will not do well with women
I said, Why am I so bad? Donald Trump will not  And then the votes started coming in
He's doing very well, Jim, with women, I don't know what's going on
We did very well with women
We did well with everybody, we did well with everybody
But they have a regulation
And Ben Carson was fantastic, the head of HUD
I said, Ben, they're going to destroy the suburbs
And they wanted Corey Booker to head that program
But the program was already doing damage
They were playing with the zoning so they could build projects in the suburb, projects in the suburbs
And I said, We're going to end it
Somebody said, Sir, let's just amend it
I said, Nope, we got to end it
End it, I want to end it
I don't want to have a lesser version
But if he gets in, they will open up that whole program
They're going to open it up on steroids
They're going to open it up to a level that you wouldn't have believed possible
And he will drive you out of the suburbs
He will drive you out of the  he'll drive you out of everything
They're open up their  I call it the suburban destruction program because that's what they've done
And it's been a horrible program
It's been very unfair to people with the American dream
And let me just tell you something
30% of the people that live in the suburbs are minorities
They're Hispanic, they're Black, they're Asian, it's the American dream
And they want the American dream and they don't want that to happen
That's why I'm doing so well with African American, with Asian American, with Hispanic American and with women
But don't let them ruin the suburbs because they will put that regulation back immediately, immediately
And don't let them ruin the suburbs because the suburbs are a special place
The suburbs are the American dream
That's where everyone aspires to and that includes minorities and everybody
Don't let them ruin the suburbs
And with that comes tremendous crime
And I was talking the other day, Darling, somebody just moved next door
Who is it? It's a representative of Antifa
She will look at her husband, say, Darling, we're out of here
We're out of here
Antifa
Remember they were trying to blame other people
They don't like to mention the name Antifa
I said, it's Antifa and I was right
I was right
They're bad people
And you know what, they have to pay a price for the damage and for the horror that they've caused, they have to pay a price
And it's so easy
It's so easy
A lot of them now are wealthy
They're like these wealthy, spoiled kids that have no clue about life
They've got arms that are about this big but they were heavy jackets with lots  and you look and you say, Oh, that guy looks tough
And then the jacket comes off and you see these two little  And they go home and they live in a basement too, their mom and dad's basement
But Biden's plan is to appease domestic terrorists and my plan is to arrest domestic terrorists
Joe Biden is a weak person
He does whatever his left wing, puppet masters demand, you know that
Look, Joe doesn't know what's going on, you know that
I mean, let's be nice about it, okay
And I'm being nice when I say it
He'll never be able to protect your family, your loved ones or your community
If Biden's elected his radical supporters won't just cause mayhem on the streets like you're seeing, all Democrats
We could solve it so fast
Chicago, a few weekends, think of it, 72 people shot, this is shot
Somebody said, You mean with bullets? I said, Yeah, with bullets
18 people died
Now we're pulling our troops out of Afghanistan, out of Iraq, you see what's happening
But let me tell you but we don't  there's nothing like that over there
They don't have 18 people killed or 12 people in a short period of time
Well, you have 70 people shot, where you have another weekend where they had, I think a few weekends ago, 38 people have been shot in Chicago
I said, 38? It's not even believable
And now when these people say it, they make it  they try and play it down
And you're sitting there, I said, Did I just see 38 people were shot? It's just a terrible thing
And it could all be stopped
It could all be stopped so quickly
But they have to respect law and they have to have order
Law and order
But these radical lefts will be running the Department of Justice, the Department of Homeland Security and the United States Supreme Court
And you see what's going on there
If we don't  The next president, hopefully it's going to be us, not me, us, but the next president is going to have one, two, three or four Supreme Court justice
It's just, you know, just that time, right? Just that time, going to be a minimum of one, I would say, but it will be a one, two, three or four
And that's going to change the whole makeup of the Supreme Court
That's going to take away your guns
That's going to destroy your second amendment
That's going to change the whole rationale thinking on so many different subjects like you wouldn't believe, including by the way, life, okay
Life, pro-life, anybody pro-life here? No, this is going to change the makeup of this country for 50 years
I don't know that the country will survive 50 years, if that happens, it might not survive five years if that happens
But the next president and you saw, I put out a list of an additional number of very conservative, highly thought of, highly respected judges
And they are the only people that I will pick
Meaning the first list, the second list, it's about 44, 45 people
They are the only people that I will consider for the Supreme Court of the United States
And I'm asking Joe Biden to do the same thing, but he can't because he's got a bunch of radical left maniacs that they want to put on the court
And nobody can get elected, not even with Democrats, rational Democrats, will they vote for some of these people to be on
So far he's refused to do it
I'm probably forcing him tonight to do something, but he should put out a list of his judges so that you know where you stand
Biden supports cutting police funding, you know that, abolishing  and by the way, did you see, we just got Chicago police today endorsed Trump
That's not easy to do
Chicago
New York's finest, New York's finest endorse, Florida, Ohio, Texas
We have everybody
Is there a police officer in the country, if there is, they'll do a commercial
This officer loves sleepy Joe Biden, he's so tough on crime
So Biden's been going down very rapidly in the polls
And now what he's doing is he's playing tough guy, that he's tough on crime
And all of a sudden, he goes from demolished, demolish and defund, okay? But he goes from, let's not give the police any money
Let's not even say defund for him
His people want to defund the police
They actually have places, Seattle, they actually don't want to have police
Minneapolis, they don't want to have police
They don't want to have police
What's going to happen? You saw the commercial we put up
A woman's being murdered
I'm sorry
We cannot take your call right now
We will call you back within the next 24 hours
A woman's being raped, right? I'm sorry
We could not respond right now because we have been defunded, but we will try getting there within the next week
This is what you're going to have
I mean, that was a strong commercial
It had a big impact, but this is what you're buying with a guy like this
This guy you're going to have Portland's all over this country
And we can't allow that to happen
Not here, he says, Not here in Nevada
Well with your governor, it could happen here too, I can tell
They want to abolish bail
So they want to abolish cash bail like they did in New York
They release people, the horrible criminals in New York, they release them, no cash bail
And he calls law enforcement, Biden called law enforcement the enemy
They're not the enemy
They're our friends
They're our great friends
And without them, we wouldn't be here
Here in Nevada rioters burned the city hall in Reno
Does anybody know that? Do you know that? That's not a pleasant sight
How did you allow that to happen? I would've thought you people would've gotten out there, like, You're not going to burn our city hall
And during the violent demonstrations in Las Vegas a 29- year-old police officer, you know about this, was deliberately shot in the head while he was doing his job, a vicious criminal left, he was a left person, a left
He was a real left, all right
And the, the young officer as you know, he's a young, brilliant, young guy and he's totally paralyzed
Unlike Biden, while I'm President of the United States, I will always stand with the heroes of our law enforcement
And on November 3rd, you will save America
You're talking about saving America
We cannot let this happen to our country
Because I don't know if you can ever come back from what will happen, including our Supreme Court
We're joined tonight by our terrific Republican congressional nominee, who has my complete and total endorsement
Jim, where you Jim? Jim Marchant, Jim Marchant, where are you? A lot of people out there, Jim, it's not easy
Are you doing well? I just looked at a very solid poll
Jim Marchant is a great guy and hopefully he's going to win and you're going to carry them over and you need it, you need it
Thank you, Jim
And also to a man that should have been governor
He should have been governor, what happened? I don't know what happened
Nevada Attorney General, he's a great guy, Adam Laxalt
And he's watching very closely
And I'll tell you, Adam, please, he's a great lawyer, a great talent
And he's going places but you have to watch
He just said, our next governor
I believe that's true
You have my endorsement, but I will tell you this, Adam, if you could, because you're doing a fantastic job watching, watch all these votes coming in on the ballots, the unsolicited ballots
Will you watch it, please? Okay, all right
All right, James Settelmeyer
Where's James? James, look at James, whoa
Look at the size of James, I want you protecting me, James
James is good
You're doing well, I saw a good poll for you too
I think we're all doing well
I think we're all doing well, it's like a family
Thank you James very much
All of you guys, thank you very much
A woman who did a fantastic job, she headed up Michigan
We won Michigan, the first time in decades, Republicans won
She was horrendous, she kept calling me, Sir, one more speech, please come over
Okay, I'll do one more, Ronna, Ronna McDaniel
I'll do one more, Ronna, one more
I do the speech, two days later, I get a call
One more, sir
We need one more
But we ended up winning Michigan, first time in decades
Ronna McDaniel, Ronna
She was great
And I said when I won, I said, Well, who are we going to put at the RNC? That's Republican National Committee, who we're going to put? And I said,  How about that woman that ran  She was so tough
I said, How about the woman that ran Michigan that we won, first time in so many years? So thank you, Ronna, great job you're doing, we appreciate it
And another man is doing a fantastic job, who's been a friend of mine for a long time, your GOP chair, Michael McDonald
Michael, great job, Michael
Thank you, Michael
Thank you, Mike
How are we doing, Michael? Are we leading, I hope? Okay
I hear we're doing well
Be careful of the ballots, that's the only way we're going to lose
Can't have this happen to our country
And also here are several really great members of a terrific association and they like Trump a lot, the Nevada Trucking Association
Where are they, Nevada Trucking? Nevada Trucking, thank you, thank you
Thank you, fellas, thank you very much
Great job, we appreciate it very much
Those roads are going to get very nice
They're already starting
Tonight our hearts are with all of the communities in the West battling devastating wildfires
I'm going there the day after tomorrow
I'm staying in your state tonight, but I'm going to be going to California
Spoke to the folks in Oregon, Washington, they never had anything like this, but it is about forest management
Please remember the words, very simple, forest management, please remember
It's about forest management and other things but forest management
My administration is closely coordinating with state and local leaders and we want to thank the more than 200,000 people that are working on it and 28,000 firefighters and first responders who courageously and bravely are fighting out there
They are fighting and it's dangerous, it's dangerous
It's rapidly spreading, hundreds of thousands of acres, it's not been anything quite like this one
We spent the last four years reversing the horrible damage Joe Biden inflicted over the past 47 years
Think of it, he's been there 47 years
And he always says, Well, why didn't you do this? Why did  The guy just really in all fairness, I've been here three and a half years
So it's not like they haven't been here
He was a vice president for eight years and he only did one thing good
He treated Obama good
I was going to say something else, but they would have scolded me
That's exactly what I was going to say, but I didn't
It's better than you say it
Do you want to shout it out? Go ahead, shout
That's what I said, that's what I was  thank you very  This can only happen in Nevada
And we pass record tax cuts and regulation cuts to keep the family farms and ranches in the family
Nobody even knows this
We virtually eliminated the unfair estate tax, also known as the death tax
Does anyone have a small farm, medium-sized farm or business? Anybody? If you want to leave it to your children, you don't have to pay tax now because of Trump
I always say it and I mean it, if you like your children, it's great
If you don't like your children, it doesn't mean a damn thing, don't leave it to them
I ended the administrations  and if you look at that last administration, what they were doing on American energy, what they were doing, and now we are the world's number one energy producer by far and we are energy independent
How about your gas prices? That's not too bad, right? You didn't think you'd ever see those prices, those under two dollar prices, did you? Thank you President Trump, I appreciate it, sir
Biden has pledged to abolish the production of American oil and shale and clean coal and natural gas, and he wants to ban fracking, right? So he's in these debates with the other people and they're just eating him alive
He did his best debate against crazy Bernie and I got to ask, why did he get better, all of a sudden? What happened? Why, do you have any idea why? I think I know
Why did he get better all of a sudden? But he did his last event, but he was so bad
And he raised his hand, no fracking
There will be no fracking under my administration, he said
And you know why I add the word, he said, because they will take what I said and they will put it as a commercial
There will be no fracking under my administration, they'll have me saying that
That's how dishonest these people are
So I always have to add something because  but even then sometimes they'll cut it off at the end
But he said, there'll be no fracking under my administration
Now, all of a sudden he goes to Pennsylvania and his polls aren't looking very good because they do big fracking
And he goes to Texas and he goes to Oklahoma and he goes to North Dakota and he goes to all these places
It's not looking so good
All of a sudden he says, I have nothing against fracking
What are you talking about? But always follow their first instinct because the first instinct is what is going to happen
And he has to, because he signed  he has a manifesto
I call it the manifesto with Bernie and AOC plus three, all these crazy people
And it's a manifesto and it reads far worse than anything Bernie Sanders ever said
I thought he'd take what Bernie did and move them somewhat to the right
No, he took what Bernie said and they moved way further left
It's the craziest thing I've ever seen
But follow the original statements because that's what's going to happen
And they cannot  you know solar, I like solar, but solar is very expensive and it doesn't have the power to fire up our massive plants
We have big plants, including in this great state and you can't fire them up with this stuff
You can't fire it
We need the strength because we're competing against a lot of nations and they don't go through what we do
They don't care about the air and they should, and they should, which is another problem
I took you out of that crazy Paris Climate Accord, because it was totally disaster
No, it was a way of hurting the United States
I tell you, we would have had a close 20, 25% of our factories in order to even  it was so crazy, so expensive but I took you out
I was surprised people, most people, they appreciate what I did
Because you think it was easy doing that? It was actually, I thought it would be devastating
I got one day of bad press, after that, everybody forgot about it
It wasn't that bad
But I did the right thing for our country and we want to have our great plants working
We want to have our great plants fired up
They said manufacturing jobs are dead, right? Sleepy Joe said, I'm going to bring back manufacturing
Really? Well, Obama said, you'd need a miracle to bring back manufacturing
I brought back 650,000 jobs
He said you'd need a miracle
And now sleepy Joe is saying that, no, no, no
I've got to bring back  He's not going to bring back anything
I made history by signing an executive order making the official policy of the United States government to buy American and to hire American
Now I did this long time ago
And then I see a sign in front of Joe right here, right here, it said, buy American
Oh great, Joe, thanks, Joe
Where have you been for 47 years? Because for 47 years, Joe Biden did the opposite
He crushed the dreams of American workers and enriched foreign countries
That's how China happened
Hey, look what I've done
I've taken billions, tens of billions of dollars out of China
Nobody else did it before me, I mean, no other president
In all fairness, in all fairness to Obama and Biden, I call him, Obiden because it's easier, Obiden
In all fairness to Obiden, I mean, they didn't do any of that
But now I see buy American
Hey, he also copied on the pandemic
Did you see he copied everything I was doing? Except one thing, he wouldn't have closed the country to China so hundreds of thousands of people would have died from that
But two months, two and a half months later, he admitted that I was right
Thank you very much, Joe, I appreciate it
And yesterday he made, I think he made a mistake
Well, what do you think, the USMCA, what's better that or NAFTA? Well, no, the USMCA is better
Was that Jake Tapper? I like Jake Tapper, was that  I don't think he was doing  I don't think he likes me too much, but that's okay
They said what's better, they said, what's better
He goes, USMCA
Well, that's the deal that Trump made
Oh, it is? Oh
That's a great deal we made
We took the horrible NAFTA deal
We got rid of the NAFTA
We got rid of TPP
We got rid of that terrible, terrible South Korea deal, which Hillary Clinton said, will produce 250,000 jobs
She said, this will produce 200  she made it
Hillary, crooked Hillary
She made it, no wait, she said it's going to produce 250,000 jobs
And she was 100% right, it produced 250,000 jobs for South Korea, not for us
It produced 250,000 jobs for South Korea
Not for us
South Korea did very well with that deal, but I changed that deal a lot
That's now a good deal
Earlier this year, I kept my promise to American workers
When we ended the NAFTA nightmare and signed the brand new USMCA Mexico-Canada Agreement into law
You're not going to see companies leaving for Mexico very much anymore
They're not going to be leaving your community, going to Mexico, making a product, selling the product back in, not being taxed at the border
Doesn't work that way anymore
It's probably the biggest reason I ran for president if you want to know that and these stupid, endless wars
I saved the Uni- but that's one of the reasons Washington doesn't like me
They love those endless wars
You got to ask them, Why? Do you ever watch where they're very critical of me
I mean, We don't like him on foreign policy
Really? Look what I've done
Look what I've done
Israel We're signing deals all over the place
These guys that are lecturing all the time, they don't have a clue
They're clueless
They were clueless
That's why for 40 years you got nothing except blood in the sand
That's all you got
Blood in the sand
I saved the US auto industry by withdrawing from last administration's job-killing Trans-Pacific Partnership
I took the toughest ever action to stand up to China's rampant theft of American jobs
They don't like me too much
Joe Biden's agenda is, Made in China
My agenda is, Made in the USA
That's the way
For the last four years, I've been delivering for our incredible Hispanic I love a Hispanic community
Oh, there was a poll today
Did you see it? Did you see the poll? Oh, this was a biggie
They had a poll today that with the Hispanic voter, they call them Latino, Hispanic
They use different terms
To me, I just loved the people
I don't care, but let me just Did you see it? Trump is leading Biden with the Hispanic community
Trump is leading Biden
Well, Hispanics like tough people
They like people that are going to produce jobs
They like And by the way, the Hispanics understand the border better than anybody else
They're better than anybody else
No, but we're being you know, it's unusual that a Republican would be leading a Democrat, not it's habit
You know what the problem is, it's habit
But the Hispanics get it
And we're leading with the Hispanic community
And that's because you had the lowest job numbers in the history of our country
You had the best home ownership
Every statistic was the best
And now we're doing it again, except we're doing it very rapidly
Remember 8
4%
We could have been at 44%, if stupid people ran it, 8
4%
I'm fighting for school choice, safe neighborhoods, low taxes and regulations on Hispanic-owned, small businesses
We're fighting
You know, the Hispanic-owned, small businesses, they're great business people
I know it from being in business
They were very tough
They were great business people and they get it
They get it like very few people get it
I'm also standing up for religious liberty
Joe Biden would be So Joe Biden would be a disaster for all communities, not just the Hispanic communities, pledged to wage attacks on Catholic organizations, like the Little Sisters of the Poor that we're helping
And we're winning with them
We're helping them
They got hit so hard by Oh Biden
They got hit so hard
I remember them in the Supreme Court, the Little Sisters of the Poor
They get hit by Biden
And then he says, How wonderful
He's such a wonderful person
He supports taxpayer-funded, extreme, late-term abortion
And I mean, ninth month, ninth month, ninth month
And he'd allow violent mobs to burn down your business
And he would hand your country over to the socialists
But I believe it's worse than socialists
I do
I think it's a step worse than socialist
And it starts with a C
That is why we're going to win a record share of the Hispanic vote in November
So important
Thank you
Thank you
Thank you
Thank you
It's so important
We're bringing it back very fast
I think next year is Next year, I believe will be as good or better than the year we had last year
Unless somebody comes in and decides to quadruple your taxes, then I can't
Then all bets are off, but we're going to have We're lowering taxes
He's raising taxes
We're going to have tremendous growth
Joe Biden's party continues to attack our incredible border agents
They're incredible people, more than half of whom happen to be Hispanic-Americans
Did you know that? I know all of them
Jose, how you doing? Juan, how you doing? Every sixth time, I'd say, Hello, Jim, how are you? These extraordinary patriots deserve our admiration, gratitude and respect, not Joe Biden's contempt
He's got contempt for these people that are so great and brave
That's a tough job
My administration's achieved the most secure border in American history
We ended the catch and release disaster
Remember you'd catch somebody, What's your name? I don't know
What's your address? I don't know
Okay
Go into our country
That's okay
You couldn't arrest anybody
We ended it, stopped asylum fraud and we've deported over 20,000 gang members, including MS13 and over a half a million criminal illegal aliens
Now think about it
Think of that number
Think if you at a half a million people spread throughout the country that were criminal, illegal aliens
Some of these are very violent people and we get them the hell out
We're stopping human trafficking, protecting the victims, most of whom are women, most of whom are women
Human trafficking because of the internet that's a tremendously big and horrible business
These are the worst human beings of all
But most of the victims are women, children to a much lesser extent, but women and human traffickers
And you know what made it that way is the internet
Who would think? It almost sounds like an ancient crime
It's not
It's very modern because of the internet because of the computer
And it's a horrible thing and we've stopped so much of it
We have an incredible group of people that go after these animals
And we built now over 320 miles of border wall and are adding 10 new miles a week
And the wall will very soon be finished
It'll be finished
We've invested $2
5 trillion in the US military
We've rebuilt our depleted It was a depleted military
Now we have the newest, we have the best we've ever had and launched the first new branch of the United States Armed Forces in nearly 75 years, the US Space Force
And we did things that people said couldn't be done
After 52 years, we passed VA Choice in VA Accountability and 91% of our veterans now approve of their VA care
They think it's doing great
The fact is I did more in 47 months as president than Joe Biden did in 47 years
It's true
It's true
I withdrew from last administration's disastrous Iran nuclear deal
We killed the founder and leader of ISIS, al-Baghdadi
We eliminated the world's number one terrorist and mass murderer of American troops, Qasem Soleimani
He's dead
He's gone
Biden voted for the Iraq War
He opposed the mission to take out Osama bin Laden
He opposed killing Soleimani
He oversaw the rise of ISIS and he cheered the rise of China as a very positive development
Oh, really? Tell me about it
Tell me about it
Not too positive
Joe Biden has been on the wrong side of history for 47 years
In fact, the secretary of state, secretary of defense said about him, He's never called it right
He never called it right
If we had listened to Joe, hundreds of thousands more Americans would right now have died
When the virus arrived, we launched the largest national mobilization since World War II
You know that, especially with ventilators and equipment and masks and shields
We're delivering life-saving therapies that have achieved among the lowest case fatality rates of any major country in the world
And you don't hear that from the fake news
Europe's excess mortality rate is 24% higher
And these are statistics that come from people that do this stuff, right? This is not done by my secretary
24% higher than the United States and despite their punitive lockdowns, they're once again seeing a spike
They're seeing a big spike in cases over there
They did the heavy lockdowns, just like you're doing right here
And they're seeing a spike
And there's no reason for that
The United States has experienced the smallest contraction of any major Western nation
Think of that
And by far, the fastest recovery
And if they wrote about it properly, it would be a proper thing, a proper thing to do
Through our historic relief programs, we've saved more than half a trillion Nevada cops and jobs and all of this yet
So many people going out
We've saved 42,000 Nevada businesses
Think of that
Biden would terminate this comeback
He wants to end it
He would terminate this comeback
He would put your families in danger
He will totally destroy Social Security
And in my opinion, if you look at what he's going to do to Medicare, they will destroy Social Security
They will
You called it
You know what you're talking about? Exactly, right
He's going to massively raise your taxes
Reimpose crippling federal regulations, destroy your Social Security and destroy protections for pre-existing conditions
He's going to destroy that and decimate your 401ks and retirement savings and stocks
Your stocks are going to go down like you never saw anything go down before
He'll obliterate your Second Amendment
He'll give you And he would, he would give free He wants to give free healthcare to illegal aliens that will bankrupt Medicare
He wants to give You saw him raise his hand
Remember the debate where they're all standing there and he looked around, Who's going to give free healthcare to illegal aliens? And everyone's raising hands
He's going, Oh Now take a look
I'm not kidding
It's sad
It's pathetic
He would end our travel bans on jihadist regions and increase refugee admissions 700%, opening the flood gates to terror-afflicted nations
You understand that
He'll establish a national sanctuary city policy for criminal, illegal aliens
He loves sanctuary cities, meaning the people that control him love sanctuary cities
Biden, pledges to oppose school choice
And he has stated that if he is elected charter schools are gone
They're gone
In the second term, and we've already started it very heavily, I will provide school choice to every parent in America
A vote for Republicans is a vote for safe communities, great jobs and a limitless future for all Americans
Instead of letting Washington change us, despite all that we've been through and we've been through more than any president has ever been through with these characters and they're falling one after another
But you do notice that I hope
One after another
Oh, I see the phones have been wiped out
I wonder what that's all about, but that's a criminal thing you did
We are changing Washington
We are changing Washington
Never forget that they're coming after me because I am fighting for you
And it's true
Over the next four years to conclude, we will make America into the manufacturing superpower of the world
And we will end our reliance on China once and for all
We will make our medical supplies right here in the United States
We will rapidly return to full employment, soaring economies and a record prosperity, even greater than last year
We will hire more police, increase penalties for assaults on law enforcement, surge federal prosecutors into high crime communities and ban sanctuary cities
We will appoint prosecutors, judges, justices, and believe We will believe in enforcing the law
We want law and order
We have to have it
We will ensure equal justice for citizens of every race, color, religion, and creed
We will defend the dignity of work and the sanctity of life
We will uphold religious liberty, free speech and the right to keep and bear arms
We will strike down terrorists who threaten our citizens and we will keep America out of endless foreign wars
And we are bringing our troops home as we speak tonight
We will maintain America's unrivaled military might and we will ensure peace through strength
We will end surprise medical billing, require price transparency
It's already signed, starts on January 1st
I don't want anyone to I know ours is a big deal
I don't want Sleepy Joe to take care of Can you imagine? I'll be watching
Prices have dropped substantially all throughout the country because of price And I'm the one that got it done
And he'll say, What did I do? What did I do? How did this happen? And we'll further reduce health insurance premiums and the cost of prescription drugs
We just did favored nations
We're going to come down to the lowest price anywhere in the world because we did a favored nations clause
You know what that is? We will The drug companies don't exactly like me too much
They're spending millions of dollars on negative commercials
Please understand when you see those commercials, it means your drug prices are coming down
We will strongly protect Medicaid and Social Security, which they will give up
And we will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions and America will land the first woman on the moon and the United States will be the first nation to land an astronaut on Mars
We will stop the radical indoctrination of our students and restore patriotic education to our schools
And we will teach our children to love our country, honor our history and always respect our great American flag
And we will live by the timeless words of our national motto, In God We Trust
For years, you had a president who apologized for America
Now you have a president who is standing up for America and standing up for the people of Nevada
So very importantly, get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors, get your coworkers and get out and vote on November 3rd
From Carson City to Elko, from Las Vegas to Reno and from Clark County to right here in Douglas County, we stand on the shoulders of red-blooded American patriots who poured out their heart, sweat, and soul to secure our liberty
They want to secure our liberty
Think of it and defend our freedom
Nevada was founded by pioneers and prospectors, miners and cowboys, innovators and trailblazers, tough people, great people who tamed the frontier, raised up the mighty Hoover Dam, lit up the brilliant lights of the Vegas Strip and transformed a sprawling desert into a shining oasis
So true
Our American ancestors made this into the greatest nation ever to exist on the face of the earth
And we are making it greater than it ever has been
We are making it greater than ever before
We are making it greater than it's ever been
Proud citizens like you helped build this country and together we are taking back our country
We are returning power to you, the American people
With your help, your devotion and your drive, we are going to keep on working
We're going to keep on fighting, and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning
We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God
And together with the incredible people of Nevada, we will make America wealthy again
We will make America strong again
We will make America proud again
We will make America safe again and we will make America great again
Thank you very much

Thank you very much
Thank you, Minnesota
This is a great state
We are going to win this state in a very short period of time
Thank you
This feels like the day before the election
So we have 20,000-plus people inside
We just set a new record
And we have 25,000 people that we still love, outside
And close to 100,000 people wanted to come tonight
Thank you all
This is great
This is really great
Thank you
I want to thank our great vice president, Mike Pence, and Karen Pence, for being here tonight
It is great to be back in the Twin Cities with the freedom-loving American patriots who make our country run
You know that
You know it
For the next 13 months, think of that, it seems like yesterday, for the next 13 months, we are going to fight with all of our heart and soul, and we are going to win the great state of Minnesota in 2020
America now has the number one economy anywhere in the world, and it's not even close
You know I'm dealing with China right now
They're in Washington
We're going to see if we make a deal
But they want to make it
We're going to determine whether or not we want to make it
But they've been very nice
And today I got a call from one of the top representatives, he said, Congratulations, Mr
President, on having a truly great, great economy
That's pretty nice
We picked up, since the election, trillions of dollars in value
And China has lost trillions of dollars in value
I will say this, if our opponent had won that election, you know what would have happened? Right now China would become the  It would be the number one economy anywhere in the world
And right now I can tell you they're not even close
Our country is stronger than ever before because we are proudly putting, for the first time in a long time, we are putting America first
 cops love Trump, Trump loves cops
Our bold pursuit of this pro-American agenda has enraged, and you know what's happened, it's enraged the failed ruling class in Washington
Not easy to get them out, but we're doing it slowly, but surely
These corrupt politicians and the radical leftists got rich bleeding America dry
And they knew that my election would finally end their pillaging and looting of our country
And that's what they were doing
And that's what they continue to try and do
That is why, from day one, the wretched Washington swamp has been trying to nullify the results of a truly great and democratic election, the election of 2016
They're trying
They're not getting very far
They want to erase your vote like it never existed
They want to erase your voice
And they want to erase your future
But they will fail, because in America, the people rule again
Do you remember that, just 19 minutes after I raised my hand and took the oath of office, The Washington Post, a terrible newspaper that doesn't know how to write the truth, published a story, and in this case, they might've gotten it pretty correct, they said, The Campaign To Impeach President Trump Has Begun
That was the headline
Little did we know they weren't playing games
Think of that
That was 19 minutes after the oath of office
Months earlier, Peter Strzok, remember, he and his lover, Lisa Page
What a group
She's going to win 10 million to one
She's going to win
I'm telling you, Peter
I'm telling you, Peter, she's going to win
Peter
Oh, I love you so much
I love you, Peter
I love you too, Lisa
Lisa, I love you
Lisa, Lisa, oh God, I love you, Lisa
And if she doesn't win, Lisa, we've got an insurance policy, Lisa
We'll get that son of a bitch out
We got an insurance policy
And we're living through the insurance policy
That's what it is
The phony Russia hoax
 Lisa, I love you
Now the do-nothing Democrat con artists and scammers are getting desperate
13 months, they got to move fast, because they're not beating us at the polls and they know it, despite the phony polls that you see all the time, their phony polls
You know, polls are no different
Remember I always used to talk about polls, I know polls very well
Polls are no different than crooked writers
They're crooked polls
They're crooked polls
No different
Boy, that's a lot of media
Look back there
That's a lot of media
They are so dishonest
And frankly, they are so bad for our country
They are so bad
And they could be so good for our country
They could be so good
And maybe they'll change, and maybe they won't
I've been waiting for a long time
After I won the last election, I said, Finally it's okay
Finally I'll get some great press
They got worse
They got worse
I said, Finally, we're going to get  I said to the first lady, Darling, we're going to finally get respect
We're going to finally get media and press coverage
It's going to be great
Look at what we've done
And I'm telling you, they did, they got worse
They know they cannot win
You understand
Well, if you didn't understand, honestly, there's no way anybody could win, because you'd believe them
If you believe them, there's no way anybody could  Because it's like 94%  I can do the greatest things in history, and they'll make them bad to very bad
And if I do a neutral, something neutral, it worked out okay, not great, it's like, Give him the electric chair
That was terrible
Right? No, this is the worst
These people and the Democrats, they're partners
It's a partnership
How about on the newscast, like the word manufactured, it's manu And every newscast, Tonight, in a manufactured deal along the border  The word's never been used  All of a sudden every newscast is using it
It's a talking point given to these fakers by the Democrats
So they know they can't win the 2020 election, so they're pursuing the insane impeachment witch hunt
I've been going through it now for more time than I've been in office
Because, like Strzok with his insurance deal, this was before, remember this, this was before, that statement was made months before I took office
That statement was made months before the election took place
They said, Just in case, we're going to have an insurance policy
That only means one thing, We're going to get him out
So they're telling us
We can't let that ever happen again to another president
And Rush Limbaugh, Sean Hannity, a lot of people, the great Mark Levin
We have a lot of great people
Lou Dobbs, great people
You know what they said? Every one of them, plus many others, There's no other man that we've ever met that could have taken it
It's true
Maybe I'm a little different up here
I don't know
But I enjoy it
To me, I'm energized because we're draining the swamp
The Democrats' brazen attempt to overthrow our government will produce a backlash at the ballot box the likes of which they have never ever seen before in the history of this country
These are bad people
My phone call, as an example, with the president of Ukraine, was perfect
Everybody that looked at it
And the only reason I released it was that the Democrats put out a phony narrative
So I had no choice
And I don't want to do that as president, every time a president from a country calls me, or I call them, we have to release the text
How can you do business that way? Who's going to want to speak to your president? So the president of Ukraine reiterated today at a major news conference, on other subjects, that he was under absolutely no pressure
He doesn't even know what they're talking about
And he used the word, there was no blackmail during this call
He used that term
So in theory, that should be the end of it
Think of it, a president of the United States who's made our economy, with a lot of help from all of you, frankly, but from Mike and from some of our great senators and some of our great people that we have with us, we made this the strongest economy in our history
We've rebuilt our military
We're taking care of healthcare like nobody's been able to do
What we've done is incredible
And by the way, we're protecting your Second Amendment
If you don't have me, your Second Amendment is gone
So we have the greatest economy, the greatest military
We've rebuilt our military, $2
5 trillion, because when I took it over, it was a mess
And what do they want to do? Let's impeach our president, right? I don't think so
I don't think so
I think we're going to have a turnout the likes of which we've never seen in the history of our country
So we were really forced, just to put it away, we were forced
I said, Just do it
Got the approval from Ukraine
I have to ask
I said, Hey, do you guys mind? They said, That's a strange request
I said, Don't worry about it
Do you mind? And they said, Please, go ahead
Nothing was said wrong on that call
So we released the transcript of the call, which was so good that that crooked Adam Schiff, this guy is crooked, he had to make up a fake conversation that never happened- A fake conversation that never happened, and he delivered it to the United States Congress and the American people
It was a total fraud
And then Nancy Pelosi said, Oh, I think the president said that
These people are sick
I'm telling you, they're sick
And you know what? Had they waited one day longer, they would have had the transcript of the actual call, word for word
It would've been perfect
Instead, they released it, they went early, they said all these horrible things
You know why? Because they never thought in a million years that I was going to release a transcript of the call
So Nancy Pelosi, upon hearing a false story from a whistleblower that had no clue what was going on in that call, or somebody gave her very bad advice, but also hearing it from shifty shift Nancy Pelosi said, a day before seeing the transcript of the call with the Ukrainian president, We've got to impeach him
We've got to impeach him
Right? And then she saw the call and she said to her people, What the hell? Nobody ever told me this was the call
But she keeps going anyway because the press is fake and they play right into their hands
The do nothing democratic extremists have gone so far left that they believe it should not be a crime to cross our border illegally, and it should be a crime to have a totally appropriate casual, beautiful, accurate phone call with a foreign leader
I don't think so
As our brilliant White House counsel wrote to the Democrats yesterday, he said, Their highly partisan and unconstitutional effort threatens grave and lasting damage to our democratic institutions, to our system of free elections, and to the American people
That's what it is
To the American people
It's so terrible
Democrats are on a crusade to destroy our democracy
That's what's happening
We will never let it happen
We will defeat them
I mean, look at their debates
These people are crazy
They want to spend $99 trillion to redo buildings all over the United States
I said, What about China? What about Russia? What about India? What about all these other countries where that stuff is just flowing out? It's all right
Let him give you the answer
Man, did the cops act fast
He's already gone
That's unbelievable
That's the fastest  You know I have  Look, I love law enforcement
I love the cops
I love the police, all of it
Minneapolis, Minneapolis, you've got a rotten man
You've got to change your mayor
You've got a bad mayor
You've got a bad mayor
But you know what? The police  I've done this a lot and every once in a while we'll have very little disturbance
It's really  Actually, is there any place where we can have more fun than at a Trump rally? And we've set every record at every place, virtually, that we've gone
And one of the big musicians said, And Trump does it without a guitar
Can you believe it? Without a guitar
But this guy  So I've had it a lot where  But sometimes it'll take the police like 30 seconds, 50 seconds
It's like Roger Penske when you watch him, who's getting the Presidential Medal of Freedom, by the way, pretty soon
He won 18 Indy 500s, 18, Roger Penske
But it's like the way they change those tires, takes four seconds to change the whole damn thing
I say, How the hell do they do it? That's the way these cops just reacted
That was a record
I think it was a  I've had good service, but I've never had anything like that
I look up, the guy is already gone
Ah, we love you with the red shirts
So now the Democrats are making a pathetic bid to save sleepy Joe, sleepy Joe Biden
And you know what? I'd love to run against him, to be honest
Anybody like that
If you can't beat him in a debate, you've got a big problem folks
You can't beat him in a debate, you can't be president
Because what are you going to do against President Xi and Kim Jong Un
You can't beat sleepy Joe, but now we're going to meet with Kim Jong Un? I don't think so
But he's totally owned and totally controlled by the Washington swamp for many years
Two months after president Obama put Joe in charge of Ukraine policy, they put Joe Biden in charge of Ukraine policy
Listen to this
And the press will not write it
They say, In totally unsubstantiated charges  every time they talk about him
President Trump has said that his son walked away with a fortune
Now you know that's a totally unsubstantiated charge
Really? It's not an unsubstantiated, it's fact
Joe's son Hunter got thrown out of the Navy and then he became a genius on Wall Street in about two days
By the way, whatever happened to Hunter
Where the hell is he? Where's Hunter? Hey fellows, I have an idea for a new t-shirt
I love the cops, but let's do another t-shirt
Where's Hunter? Where is he? Here's Hunter, being examined by sleepy eyes Chuck Todd or some of these people
Hunter, it's so great that you're here, sir
Hunter, I know they're giving you approximately $168,000 a month
I hear they paid you a big check of $3 million
I just want to speak on behalf of NBC who's absolutely one of the worst
I just want to tell you  Hunter, Hunter I just want to tell you I couldn't be happier for you and your family and I know you don't know anything about energy and I know it's an energy company, but I think they made a great deal, Hunter
And then they fly to China, and I'm dealing with people right now
They're tough as hell, those Chinese negotiators, and Hunter, who's not too smart, Hunter
He goes in, he has a meeting, he walks out in his fund with 1
5 billion, with a B, one point five billion dollars
These aren't the same Chinese negotiators that I'm dealing with, I can tell you
These are not the same ones, but we are doing very well in that negotiation
Now, think of it, where's Hunter? Where is Hunter? I want to see Hunter? Hunter, you know nothing about energy, you know nothing about China, you know nothing about anything, frankly
Hunter, you're a loser
Why did you get one point five billion dollars, Hunter
And your father was never considered smart
He was never considered a good Senator
He was only a good vice president because he understood how to kiss Barack Obama's ass
True
Thank you
Thank you
It's true
It's true
And they're always saying the same thing
Yeah, he got a billion five, we admit it, they admit it, it's nothing, but oh, it's not that same thing, president Trump made a totally unsubstantiated claim about Hunter Biden and his father
It's not unsubstantiated, you crooked son of a guns, it's 100% true
100%
Even the smart guys on Wall Street, and I know all of them, they are smart
They've never seen anything like that one before
I've called them
Does that ever happen? Never happens
Guy walks in, no experience, no nothing
Walks out with a billion five
Gee
Flies in on Air Force Two with his father, the vice president
Don't forget, that's when he was vice president
So China gives his son 1
5 billion
How would you like to have Joe Biden take over negotiations right now with China? I don't think so
I don't think so
Meanwhile, Biden allowed China to rip off America for eight years as vice president, and Barack Obama let him just rob us blind, and we're not doing that anymore
Those days are over
The Bidens got rich and that is substantiated
While America got robbed, that's what happened
Sleepy Joe and his friends out America, they didn't have tough negotiations
I look at these trade deals and I say, Who the hell could have done this? If you didn't  If you had no business instinct, no business ability, if you had nothing, if you're dumb as hell, you wouldn't make these deals, they're so bad
I say, Who made these deals? Who made these deals? But we're ripping them all up and redoing them and they're going to be very good
Wait until you see what happens
Now that I'm your president, you see it
America is winning again and we're respected again as a nation
A brand new report just came out as I'm walking on the stage
Hard to believe, actually
It turns out that Joe Biden was vice president, he worked with the so called whistle blower
This is nothing but a partisan witch hunt, sabotage, and I'm sure they're going to say it's totally unsubstantiated, but one of them wrote this story
Congratulations, by the way
That's very nice
That's really good
That's the way you should do it
Good
Good
Good
In the twisted worldview of Democrats and the media, it's okay for politicians to ship our jobs to foreign countries, flood our communities with drugs and crime, and enrich themselves at America's expense
Their treachery is allowed because they go along with the rigged Washington game, and it is far more rigged
When I ran, I thought it was rigged, but this is crazy what's happening
But if you refuse to bow or bend to the Washington swamp, which I could do very easily, I'd be much more popular
Folks, it would be so much easier
But they smear you, they spy on you, and they target your friends, your family, your staff for harassment, for abuse, for destruction
I came down to Washington with incredible people
We won a great political campaign
They were bright eyed and bushy tailed
that's a nice phrase
They came down, they were happy
They wanted to turn the country around
They wanted to do great things
All of a sudden they get summoned and they get subpoenaed by Robert Mueller
How good was he as a witness? Not too good and by people that were, I call them the 13 angry Democrats, that turned into 18 angry Democrats
It was disgraceful
So people that were going down, Sir, what is this? I look, Oh wow, that's a subpoena
What the hell is this? They took people  I really mean this
They took people that were full of life and energy and vigor
We had just won the greatest campaign in the history of American politics, it's true
It's true
And they destroyed their lives
They destroyed their lives
They went home
I could name many people, one in particular, who came down, an incredible young woman
She was going to help people
She wanted to help people
She had causes that were so good
She wanted to help people, and she ended up going home, dark, dark
Her life became hell
They ruined people
They destroyed people, good people
People that ended up paying far more money in legal fees than they made
Than they made
They destroyed great people
They're vicious, horrible, and the media was behind every single step
They destroyed so many lives
They destroyed so many lives, and they're continuing to do it
And it's a disgrace
When all of their ludicrous hoaxes have been exposed as frauds, these sinister fakers then tried to impeach you for daring to call out their own corruption
There's nothing like the dirty political establishment, and I have to tell you, this is, friend of mine, very smart, brilliant guy, was with me about two weeks ago
We just got rid of the Russia hoax and then a week later the Ukraine hoax starts
I had a week of like, I can think about everything perfect
It's so beautiful
And he said, President
I said, Call me Donald
You've called me Donald for 35 years
I will
Thank you Donald
I've lost all my friends because they're all scared to talk
Honestly, I'm the president that they can't talk to me anymore
It's like they're afraid
They respect the office
It's true
They say, President
I say, Do me a favor, Richard
You've called me Donald for 35 years
Call me Donald, please
I want somebody to call me Donald
True
He said to me, I just told him call me  He said, President, I can't do it
He said
So he says, President, you've been here now for, think of it, almost three years
Can you believe we're here three years? We, we, it's we
And we have to promise them no more than 16 years
Okay? No more
No more
16 more years
I'm only kidding
Now they'll go back
See, he wants to run for more
But he said, President, could I ask you a question? It's so important to me
He's a great businessman, very successful
He said, You deal with all of these nations, these great, powerful  Who is the worst to deal with? Is it China? Is it North Korea? Is India? Is it Russia? Please tell me, Mr
Pres, who is the toughest nation to deal with? I said, You're not going to believe this
It's the USA is the toughest nation to deal with
The USA
It's true
Because we're dealing with some very sick and deranged people
There is nothing that the dirty political establishment hates more than a president that they cannot intimidate, own and control
They're trying to stop me because they know that I don't answer to them, I answer to you
It's true
I never say this
I don't think I've ever said it in a speech, but they'll find out if I did
They'll give me Pinocchios, he said it before, but I don't know if I ever said this before
But I make, as president, about $450,000
I give it away
I don't care
I don't want it
I never hear anything
Can you imagine if I didn't
I give it away to  You can only give it, you can't keep it
You can't actually make a gift
You can give it to your different agencies
So I can give it to health, I can give it to transportation, I can give it to military, but I give it away all the time
Now, and if I ever did  But it's 450
If somebody stays from, let's say, a middle East country in one of my hotels and we charge him 392 dollars and 53 cents for staying, and I never heard of the guy and I don't want to hear about him, they say, Trump is getting rich off our nation
I lose billions being president
I don't care
It's nice to be rich, I guess
But I lose billions
If somebody rents a room someplace and they pay me two months in rent or hotel fees, I never heard of the people
I never know who they are
They say, Emoluments
Nobody ever heard of the word emoluments before
Emoluments
It's the craziest thing I've ever seen
I tell you, it's cost me billions of dollars to be president
It really has
And at some point I'll probably to prove that, and I look forward to doing it

It's very easy
It's very easy
And there is nothing that makes me happier than making that decision to run and win and straighten out the mess that these people have created
So in desperate attempt to attack our movement
Nancy and Chuck, two beauties, have given control of the Democrat party entirely over to the radical left, including Minnesota's own representative Ilhan Omar
I know you people
I know you people
I know the people of Minnesota, and I want to tell you, and I also, at the same time, it's both a question and a statement, how'd the hell did that ever happen? How did it happen? How did it happen? Congresswoman Omar is an America hating socialist
She minimized the September 11th attack on our homeland
Where far more than 3,000 people died, saying, Some people did something big deal
Some people did something
She pleaded for compassion for ISIS recruits right here in Minnesota
Omar laughed that Americans speak of Al-Qaeda
You remember that tape? Speak of Al-Qaeda
But when we say something about the United States, you just don't say America with any intensity
Remember that? Representative Omar has a history of launching virulent anti-semitic screeds, whether you like it or not
She's said the US support for Israel is all about the Benjamins
She said that pro-Israel lawmakers have an allegiance to a foreign country
Omar wrote that Israel has hypnotized the world, may Allah awaken the people and help them to see the evil doings of Israel and the United States
How do you have such a person representing you in Minnesota? I'm very angry at you people right now
She is a disgrace to our country, and she is one of the big reasons that I'm going to win, and the Republican party is going to win Minnesota in 13 months
Thank you very much
So we're honored to have with us today a special guest, a man that really is a terrific talented writer
He knows a great deal about all those tangled lies of Omar
Mr
Scott Johnson of Power Line
He wrote some stuff, I can't believe it
Where's Scott? Where's Scott? Thank you, Scott
Thank you, Scott
What a job
Man, do you have her figured out
The only problem is, Scott, it's incredible talent, much more talented than most of these people that you heard about
The problem is they never pick it up
They don't want to pick it up, but we pick it up, Scott, and the people get it and we thank you for your great reporting
Thank you
Thank you very much
And Scott reported everything about Omar is a fraud, including her name
Scott reports his sources told him that, quote, Omar's legal husband was Omar's brother and that she had married him for fraudulent purposes
You mean like coming into the United States, maybe? And as Scott says, We have seen a plethora of congressional scandals in our history yet we have never seen scandals like Omar's in Congress, and nothing gets done about it
I hope that some of you people are looking, because what AOC has gotten away with campaign financing and what  I call it AOC plus three, that's what it is
And Omar is one of the three
What AOC has gotten away with all of that money that she used for her personal self with campaign finance is worse, and nothing happens to them, but it happens to you, and it's not fair
The fact is, we're in a struggle for the survival of democracy in America
The only message these radical socialists and extremists will understand- Message these radical socialists and extremists will understand is a crushing defeat on November 3rd, 2020
With your help, we will win back the House, we will keep the Senate and we will win the White House
And we're thrilled to be joined tonight by some incredible people that have helped me so much
One of your tremendous talented, tough, Congressman Tom Emmer
Tom
Also a man, you don't want to fight him, and you don't want to play him in hockey because he was tough
He just won, not that recently but pretty recently, and I was out here campaigning for him and working hard, and it turned out to be an easy race because everyone loves him and respects him
Congressman Pete Stauber
And a man who gets in the trenches, and he just doesn't care
He wants to win for the people
He loves you
He loves this state
He loves this country
Jim Hagedorn
Thank you
And a great friend of mine with his incredible family
He's a friend
He's smart
I guess you'd say he's brilliant
His education is incredible, his military career has been incredible
Then he ran for office, and now he's a United States Senator from the great state of Arkansas, Senator Tom Cotton
Great guy
And Minnesota Senate Majority Leader, Paul Gazelka
Paul
Thank you Paul
Minnesota GOP Chairwoman, Jennifer Carnahan
She's been incredible
I said, Jennifer, are we going to win in 13 months? She said, Honestly sir, I've never seen anything like this
It's going to be easy
Don't ever say Just assume we're two points behind, okay? Two points behind
You never ever Please
Always just assume you're a little behind, but we're going to win this state by so much that people are going to be shocked
Ad plenty of other states too
We had a rally three weeks ago in New Mexico, and New Mexico's a hard state for Republicans, hasn't been won in a long time also
And we had receptivity that was unbelievable
The audience was 40% Hispanic, where we're doing great
And you know, Hispanic, they understand borders better than anybody, better than we do
They understand safety, they understand their job, they don't want people taking it away, they don't want crime
They understand it better
That's why we're doing so well, but we're in New Mexico, and I'm telling you, that was electric
But honestly, all evenings are electric
We haven't had any bad ones
We haven't
They're all electric
A woman who headed up the great state of Michigan for me, a state that hadn't been won in a long time by a Republican for whatever reason, but it hadn't been won
I guess we didn't have the right candidates, right? But a woman who would call me constantly
I'd say, I don't want to talk to her
She's giving me a headache
Sir, if you make one more trip, you're going to win Michigan
I say, All right, I make the trip, I go back home
I get a call the next morning, Sir, we need one more
This went over and over and over, and we ended up winning the state of Michigan, and I said, Who the hell was that woman that kept bugging me to go back to Michigan and speak just one more time every week? One more time, sir
And her name is Ronna McDaniel
She's fantastic, and she's the head of the RNC
She's great
And our campaign manager, a man who's really been They used to say that Crooked Hillary had a very very sophisticated campaign
After she lost, they said, I guess it wasn't sophisticated
We had a sophisticated campaign
Nobody knows the world of computers better than this guy
Brad Parscale
Remember when they used to say it? You know, I never got credit
My father used to teach me, if you can do it for less and win, that's good
He wasn't talking politics
The last thing He's looking down
He's definitely looking down, not looking up
He was great
He was tough, but he was great
But my father would say, If you could do it for less and win, that's a good thing, not a bad thing
If you can build a building for less money than the guy across the street, and if it's a nicer building and you can rent for less, you're really That's like a good thing
So in the campaign, we spent much less money than Crooked Hillary Clinton, much
And we won
And we won
We won 306 to 223
That's a pretty big Remember? Remember they said electoral college
By the way, when you run, if you're running, the electoral college is like the 100 yard dash, and the total vote, you don't go certain places
You focus
Electoral college
We have to explain to them, it's different
So we won 306, and do you remember they sued to say one's the 100 yard dash
You practice
One's the mile
You practice
It's a different race
Winning the total vote is much easier in my opinion
The electoral college, I had to go to 22 different states
For the total vote, I'd go to four states maximum, right? Much easier
It's much easier
I'm all for it, but the electoral college is better for our country because it forces you to go places that you wouldn't go
I love Maine
I went to Maine four or five times
I needed one point
Maine gave me one point
And what happened? What happened? I went there numerous times
Everyone said, Why? Because I was told by these fraudsters back here in the media that Trump cannot get to 270
He cannot get They had me maximum, if everything worked, right? At 269
So I kept going to Maine, and you know what? We won that one point in Maine
We won it
It's true
But I kept going
They say, Why? I said, Well, first of all, it is really a beautiful place, but we won the point
But they said, He can not get to 270, and I heard this for months and months
I had such a headache, almost as bad as listening to Mike's damn commercials about those pillows
Maybe I need one of those pillows to cure my headache
Does it cure headaches? I think so
But here's the thing
Here's the thing
So they said, He cannot get to 270
In other words, you can't win
You don't get to 270, it's over
You can't win, right? He cannot do it
There's no way of doing it, and they were right
I got to 306
They were right
But I didn't get to 306
You got to 306
We won incredible states
We won incredible states
We won Wisconsin, we won Michigan, we won Pennsylvania, we won North Carolina, we won South Carolina, we won Florida
What a run
Do you remember the evening that we won? I think Look, forgetting me, I think it was won of all of us together because we all worked hard
I was the messenger, but we all worked hard
That was our victory, not my victory
But that was one of the greatest nights in the history of television, one of the greatest nights, and hopefully it'll go down when we're allowed to get all of this stuff seeded You know, it's like a tree
You plant it
You plant it
It has to go, but it needs a little That's why we need the four more additionally years
It's got to grab on and catch, so they can't destroy it
So they can't destroy it
But I think it'll go down, and I hope it's going to go down as one of the greatest evenings in the history of this country, because it's never happened, anything like that before
And these guys don't even question it
They just sit back and say, I guess he's right about that
I'll never forget the night before, I was at a tremendous arena
The place was going crazy
It was like this, going crazy, and two reporters that hate my guts, they looked at themselves, they looked at each other
Famous shot
They're looking like this and they're saying, What the hell is going on? They knew
They knew
And I didn't need Beyonce and Jay Z, and I didn't need little Bruce Springsteen and all of these people
They'd get all these people
They'd come in because she couldn't get a crowd
They'd come in, they'd sing
They got Bruce Springsteen
Okay? He'd do about two songs and leave
What happens is, they leave, and then everyone leaves with them, and she's still speaking in front of the same lousy crowd
It's the craziest thing I've ever seen
And then they complain
Sometimes I'll use terrible word like hell
The other day I used the word hell
I got hell from They said, He used terrible language
I used the word hell
It was so bad
But you've got to hear Jay Z, the words he was using, he was using the F word all over the place, and then the next day they say I use bad language
The word hell is a terrible word
These people are sick
But that was an amazing evening
I'll never forget that evening
Look
Outside of your family and your children and things I love you too, darling
It was one of the highest rated evenings in the history of television
You add up all those networks
Remember the woman crying? Oh my God
No, they weren't biased at all
Now, another very special man who's with us today, but he'll never be a man to me, he'll always be my boy, you know what I mean? Right? He's my boy
He's my little six foot six boy, Eric Trump
And the parents understand that, right? They may be big and strong and older
To a parent, a child is always their boy or always their little beautiful girl, and I know that's probably politically incorrect
They'll say, It was terrible what he said about women
Terrible
But they're our boy and they're our girl, and it doesn't matter how old we get and how old they get, is that a correct statement? And I'm also proud to endorse your next Republican Senator from Minnesota, a man that I've known, a man that is tough and smart, a man that's running against somebody that's never done a damn thing in the Senate, Mr
Jason Lewis
And Jason did a great job in Congress
Congressman Lewis, thank you very much, and thank you for putting up with all of this stuff because I'll tell you, it's going to be nasty
It's going to be nasty
They're going to make up stories about you
They're going to say things that's going to want to make your wife say, Why did I marry this guy? Just say, Don't worry about it
It's just another phony story
Thank you very much Mr
and Mrs
Lewis
Jason, thank you
And Jason, they can say that about Tom Cotton
He's too perfect, this guy
He can't say They can't say it about you, Tom
Anyway, good luck Jason
Do well
And I don't know why, but with all of the great people I just introduced, for tonight, maybe this is the most important person, because I turned on a very good show in the morning
Fox and friends
They treat us great
I just want fairness
What a great group
Ainsley and Steve, and by the way, Brian has gotten a lot better, right? And how good does Jessie Waters do? How good? Right? Just some really great people
And again, Tucker's been very good I have to say
He's been good
Smart
He's been great
Tucker, and the legendary Sean Hannity
Great
Number one
Number one show
Sean's got the number one show
And Laura Ingraham is knocking them out of the park, Laura
And you go over, Maria Bartiromo, and the great Lou Dobbs
How good are they? Lou Dobbs
And many more
And many more
How about Greg? Greg used to hate me
Now, he's good
Oh, we can't forget We can't forget Judge Jeanine
I would be in such trouble if I forgot Judge Jeanine
No, these are And there are many more
I just Look, I'm just rattling some names off, but they're just terrific people
They're terrific people
But a man that I have to really say something very special about 00 slot, because I'm out of there pretty good, and I see a handsome young man named Bob Kroll, Cops For Trump
And he's talking about this lousy mayor they've got
Now, he didn't quite say that, but I say it
He's talking about this lousy mayor that won't let the cops, the police, the law enforcement My father always used to say, Son And he meant it to
Never say cops
It's disrespectful
Say police officer
I said, Okay Pop
But honestly, the truth is with time, I love you guys whether you're cops, police officers, law enforcement
I'll call you whatever you want
It doesn't matter
You are so great, so respected
You don't even know how much our public loves you
You don't know it
You don't know it
You don't know it
But I see this guy, and I don't know if he's done a lot of television before, but he was very effective and very good
And he was saying how the police aren't being allowed to take care of this rally, and yet with President Obama and Bush and all these people, they were fine, fine
Everybody comes
They fall asleep at a rally
But they weren't allowed to do the job for us, and they went wild
So what I want to do Go home to Mommy
Mommy says, I saw you on television tonight
I love Trump
Don't you ever do that again
Yes Mom
Yes Mom
But the job he did before the election, I came right here to Minnesota, and I pledged to address this really important issue, and it's the issue of law enforcement
And when I saw this man, this great gentleman on television pouring out his guts, pouring out his heart I don't know him
He knows I've been good to law enforcement
He knows I've been good to, as my father would say, The police
He knows I love the cops
He knows that, and so does everyone else
I mean, it's so many shirts, so many red shirts, and there are plenty of people here without the red shirts, and I want to just tell you, the respect that we have for law enforcement is unbound
It's unbound
Come up here
Bob, come up
Say something
Thank you fellas
I'll see you later
Thank you
Thank you very much
Thank you
Great people
Thank you
What a group
I think your very weak mayor made a mistake when he took them on
As you know, for many years, leaders in Washington brought large numbers of refugees to your state from Somalia without considering the impact on schools and communities and taxpayers
I promised you that as president, I would give local communities a greater say in refugee policy, and put in place enhanced vetting and responsible immigration controls
And I've done that
Since coming into office, I have reduced refugee resettlement by 85%, and as you know, maybe especially in Minnesota, I kept another promise
I issued an executive action, making clear that no refugees will be resettled in any city or any state without the express written consent of that city or that state
So speak to your mayor
You should be able to decide what is best for your own cities and for your own neighborhoods, and that's what you have the right to do right now
And believe me, no other president would be doing that
If Democrats were ever to seize power, they would open the floodgates to unvetted, uncontrolled migration at levels you have never seen before
Do you think you have it bad now? You would never have seen anything like what they want to do
But in the Trump administration, we will always protect American families first, and that has not been done in Minnesota
We've also implemented the strongest screening and vetting mechanisms ever put into place
We are keeping terrorists, criminals and extremists the hell out of our country
And I want to thank the country of Mexico
The president of Mexico has been incredible
We have now, 27,000 Mexican soldiers
They're great, and they're tough, and they are now protecting our border, and those numbers have gone down like this
Thank you Mr
President
We will not make the mistakes made in European countries, that allow a violent ideology to take root in our country, on our shores
We're not going to allow it to happen
And as you all know, to protect our citizens from those who would do harm to us, I instituted a very controversial, very hard to get, travel ban on some of the world's most dangerous countries
And the other day, one of the fake news reporters in the back said They were talking about the travel ban, and they said, Well you know, the president has lost in court
They said, Where? On the travel ban
And he's right
I lost, and then I lost at the appellate division, and then I won at the United States Supreme Court
Right? And he knew that, but he said I lost on the And he was right
I lost, and then I lost again, but then I won, and we have the travel ban
But instead of saying, He lost, and then he lost at the appellate, and then he won at the United States Supreme Court, he said, He lost on the travel ban
These are very dishonest people
Do you understand that? Very dishonest people
In the Republican party, we believe that those who seek to join our society must embrace our values, honor our history, and love our people
Democrats also support deadly sanctuary cities, which release dangerous criminal aliens into the heart of your communities, and we're not letting it happen anymore
Republicans believe American cities should be sanctuaries for Americans, not for criminal aliens
My administration is taking historic action to secure the border
We have reduced illegal border crossings by over 60% since May, and we are building the wall faster than anyone ever anticipated it could be built
And this is a serious wall
You've all seen it
It's going up rapidly, and you think that was easy? I had every Democrat in Congress fighting me, fighting me, fighting me
I had a lot of the rhinos fighting me
They say, See, he's not getting it built
He's not getting Let me tell you
You have every Democrat fighting you
We took it from here, and we took it from there, and we took it from all over the place, and we got that thing
That's the biggest patchwork of financing you've ever seen, and that sucker is going up, and it is the finest, it is the strongest, it's largely 30 feet tall, which is the maximum height that they wanted
I went to the Border Patrol, and I sat down with 15 representatives of the Border Patrol, and I said, What do you want? What's your ideal? I actually said, I want to give you the Rolls Royce, and they killed me for that
They said, It's not an American made product
Yeah, they happened to be right
No, they're right about that one
They're actually right there, Tom
But I said, I want to give you the Rolls Royce of walls
Tell me
And they told me everything, and then we built some alternative walls
We built all different types
We built about seven of them, and then we had climbers come in
The one that worked the best was the one we're building
It also, unfortunately The bad news, it's also the most expensive
But we got it for the right price
We got it for the right price
It's steel, it's hardened concrete, it's deep, it's high, it's a thing of beauty
And it's going to keep bad people out of our country
That's what it's going to do
And the Democrats knew this
Most of the Democrats four years ago, they wanted a wall
Now all of a sudden, they don't want a wall
You know why they don't want a wall? Because I want it
That's the only reason
And I just thought of it a year ago
I said, Man, this could've been so much easier
All I had to do is say, We don't want a wall, and they would've given me all the financing I wanted for the wall
What was I thinking? We're not going to build a wall, and they would have forced me to build it
I would've It's true
Under this administration, we are also ending the-  this administration
We are also ending the endless wars
We have to do it, folks
We have to do it
We have totally defeated the ISIS caliphate, and I did that in rather quick time if you remember, because we have the greatest fighting machine, now
When I came in and was totally depleted
We have great generals, we have great warfighters, and they did it so fast
I flew to Iraq, I met with the generals, right? I met with the generals
I said, I hear it's going to take a year to two years
Sir, we can do it in two weeks
I said, What? They don't let us fight, sir
They don't let us fight
We want to fight
They don't let us fight
I said, I let you fight
I said, How come if they say it's going to take anywhere from a year to two years, you say you can do it so quickly? He said, Sir, we're going to hit them from the front
We're going to hit them from the back
We're going to hit them from the sides, from underground, from overground
We going to hit the hell out of them
And they did
And we won very quickly
But from now on, we want to fight where it is to the benefit of the United States of America, not to the benefit of other countries
And we will only fight to win
We're only going to fight to win
We don't fight to win
We don't fight to win
The Turks have been fighting with the Kurds for two centuries, and Turkey, as you know, is a NATO ally
But I've been rough on them
We've defeated 100% of that ISIS caliphate, and no longer have any troops in the area
We don't have any troops
The troops have been pulled out
Where Turkey is carrying out now a very tough campaign against the Kurds, get them out
So Turkey is right now waging a very tough campaign against the Kurds
We got along with the Kurds, and we helped the Kurds
And don't forget they're also fighting for their land
You know that
But they're fighting
So we have three choices
You're ready? Here are the three choices
We don't have any soldiers there because we've left
We won
We left
Take a victory, United States
We left
Take a victory, take a victory
Bring our troops back home
I told this story yesterday, I have to sign letters, it's the hardest thing I have to do
I sign letters, Dear Mr
and Mrs
Smith from Arkansas
Dear Mr
and Mrs
Jones from Alabama
Dear Mr
and Mrs
Somebody from some great state, I'm sorry to inform you, your son has been killed in combat
I'm so sorry
And every letter is individually done because sometimes the parents, they're grieving, and they get together with other parents, and I don't want to see that it's like the same letter
So we do different letters
It's the hardest thing I have to do
Hardest thing
it's the hardest thing I have  I was telling Tom Cotton, it's the hardest thing that I have to do
And I sign those letters, and it just, it breaks your heart
And by the way, there's a time to fight
Nobody fights harder than I do
But there's a time, and there's not necessarily a time
But I send these letters out, quite a few
And sometimes I send letters out, it's called blue on green, where we're teaching people how to fight and then they turn the gun on our soldiers and shoot them in the back
And that's the hardest thing for a parent
I have all of them
I know everyone
That's the hardest thing for a parent when they get notification, because they learn how their child has died
When the so-called people that were teaching how to fight turn the gun on them, and shoot
We've had a lot of that, a lot of it in Afghanistan, more than we've ever had proportionately before
It's a horrible, horrible thing
But I have to sign these letters
And sometimes I go out to a place, Dover Air Force Base, it's a very tough experience
Mike Pence goes, I go, other people go, Tom Cotton goes
We go out there, and we meet the parents and the families, the wives, the children, the sisters, the brothers
We meet them, and we talked to them, and their son or daughter is being flown in from some far away place in a coffin, and these things are just impossible
I don't know how parents can do it, even
And I'll meet them
And we have a particular Colonel, that's all he does
So good
So professional
That's what he does
He said, I greet the dead, sir
I greet the dead
And what happens is this big incredible machine flies in, this tremendous cargo plane, and it flies in so powerful, so big
I'll be talking to some of the parents, and they'll act like they're fine
I said, How are you doing? We're fine, sir
We're fine
We're really good
I say, That's great
And I'll tell the Colonel, I'll say, Colonel, I think they're doing great
No sir, they're not going to do great
You'll see
And I didn't know what he was talking about, this is the first time
Then we went outside to the runway, and this incredible machine is flying in, and it lands, and it comes over, and it pulls up, and we have military guards, we have incredible talented musicians that do this
That's what they do
What happens is that door opens up, and the Colonel told me, he said, Sir, when that door opens up, those same people that you think are okay, do things that you'll never see
You will hear sounds like you've never heard
That's what he does
I saw that door open up with a coffin with a flag over it
The door was opened, and these beautiful soldiers, five or six on each side, lifting the coffin and walking down the runway, the plank, they call it, off this cargo plane
And I see parents make sounds, that were just 20 minutes ago absolutely fine, make sounds, scream and cry like you've never seen before
The Colonel was telling me that, Sir, you'll see things that you've never seen before
A mother who was fine 20 minutes ago, you think, breaking the military line and jumping off, and then jumping onto a coffin of her son or her daughter, jumping on, on top of the flowers, on top of the American flag
I've seen this
Then I have all these people that want to stay
They want to stay
And I don't want to stay
We were supposed to be in Syria for 30 days
We've now been there for 10 years
We were supposed to be in Afghanistan for a short period of time
We're now going to be there for close to 19 years
It's time to bring them home
It's time to bring them home
It's true
Time to bring them home
We've done our job, we've defeated everyone that we're supposed to defeat
And now we are, we are policing, we are now policing
That's what we're doing
We're policing
And that, as I said, no more respect for the police, but these are military people, and those are police, but we are now policing
We're not fighting, we're policing
And you know what? After all of these years  One other story, and I have to tell you
I go to Walter Reed on Friday, and I do it quite often
I gave out five Purple Hearts
And I meet people that are so beautiful, so amazing
I met five warriors, and one was so badly hurt, with the loss of arms and a leg, another one  they're just very, very devastated
But these are great, great people
And I gave out the Purple Heart
And I see the parents, and I have to say, Walter Reed, I want to just say, the doctors there, the job they do, you know, you hear so many complaints about doctors and about the vets, and the vets' care, and nobody's done better
We got choice for the vets
We did things for the vets that nobody thought would be possible
But I saw these young men, and I gave them their Purple Hearts
And their parents were there crying
And one of them was so amazing
I said, What's your problem? Sir, my face was blown apart
My nose was absolutely just blown apart
He said, Sir, it's incredible
And I looked at him, I said, That's the most beautiful nose I've ever seen
What do you mean? He said, A doctor worked on my face for 10 hours in the field
He said there were a thousand fragments
Now I don't know if that's right, but well, a lot
He meant a lot
He said there were a thousand fragments
He rebuilt my nose with glue
He glued the bones together
He rebuilt my nose
I say, You have the most beautiful nose I've ever seen, and it's true
And his father came over to me, he said, Sir, father was crying, he said, Sir, honestly, my son looks better now
He said, My son did not have a good look
He knows
Now look at it, it's beautiful, it's beautiful
But these doctors at Walter Reed, and these Army, and Marine, and the medical doctors, they are unbelievably great people
And they see sights that you and I hopefully will never see
They see things that nobody will ever see, and there's nobody like them
And I have to give a shout out to those people, there's nobody like them
So in the case of Turkey, and Syria, and the Kurds, we could send in a thousand troops for a military conflict with Turkey
No, you don't want to do that
We could hit Turkey very hard financially
Or we could mediate a deal between Turkey and the Kurds
I like that
You know? Let's mediate a deal
But remember they've been fighting each other for hundreds of years, and we were artificially put there, in this case by President Obama
So we did our job
We knocked out
And I'll tell you another thing, we have to be treated fairly
We have to be treated fairly
We're not treated fairly by other nations
We captured many, many ISIS fighters
Most of them came from Europe
They came from Germany
They came from France
They came from all of these countries
And we called them, I called them myself in many cases, I said, Take your fighters
They said, We don't want them
You take them
I said, No, no, no, we did you a big favor
They're citizens of Germany
They're citizens of France
They're citizens of these various countries in Europe
Take your fighters
We don't want them, sir
We don't want them
' And I said, How unfair are we treated? We do them a great favor, and they won't take the fighters
So we're doing some things that are pretty amazing
Every once in a while you have to change course, and do what you have to do
The United States has spent $8 trillion in the Middle East
We've lost thousands of brave soldiers, and tens of thousands of terribly wounded people, great people, their lives will never be the same
These wars produced only chaos and bloodshed
And all of the blood and treasure we sacrificed, made the Middle East, really it's less safe, it's less stable, and it's less secure
And I say it all the time
The single greatest mistake our country made in its history was going in to the quicksand of the Middle East
We spent $8 trillion and lost thousands of lives
And by the way, the other side, we can talk about that, lost millions of lives
What did we do? So we're going to pull them out, and we're pulling people out, and we're trying to make good deals, and we're going to bring our soldiers back home, and we may need them for something else, and they'll be ready
Previous administrations lust for regime change, and also put historic Christian communities in vastly more danger than they were before we started
They are some of the biggest victims of these power vacuums and reckless foreign adventures
The Christians, the Christians
And we work hard with the Christians
We have tremendous evangelical support
We work hard with the Christians
So we're slowly getting out of the Middle East
We're doing it carefully
And we're rebuilding our military like we have never rebuilt our military before
When I came into office, a very prominent general told me, because it looked like we could have a big conflict with someone, said, Sir, we have no ammunition
We had old planes
We had planes that were so old, they didn't fly
We had people going to the desert, the plane graveyards, airplane graveyards, picking up parts
I never want to hear a President of the United States hear those words again
I never want to have a President hear the words, Sir, we have no ammunition
Think of that
Think of that
Now, thanks to more than two and a half trillion dollar worth of investment in our military, we have more ammunition, more missiles, more rockets, more tanks, more fighter jets, and more of everything else than we've ever had before
And we have no choice
You look around the world, and we have no choice, unfortunately
And the Democrats want to dismantle our military
After years of building up other countries, we are finally building up our country
That's what we have to do
We're replacing the disaster known as NAFTA with the brand new U
S
-Mexico-Canada Agreement, USMCA, a giant victory for our farmers, ranchers, workers in Minnesota
Congress should pass USMCA immediately
We hope that Nancy Pelosi can start thinking about passing some legislation instead of thinking about nonsense
And to protect our industrial backbone, I placed tariffs on foreign aluminum and foreign steel
I'm also fighting back against years of chronic trade abuse from China
And the supply chain of China, which was unbreakable, is now breaking wide open
And they understand that
And I don't blame China for what's taken place over the last 25 years
I blame the people that led our country that let that happen, where hundreds of billions of dollars a year was taken from our country to build China
It's not China's fault
In the previous administration, they put our nation's natural resources under lock and key, including thousands and thousands of acres in a place called Superior National Forest
Last year, I traveled to Duluth and announced that we would be ending this injustice, reopening Superior National Forest, and restoring mineral exploration for the iron ore mines of Minnesota
Tremendous jobs
And now the iron range is back in business
The last time I was here, a man came up to me, he said, Sir, President Obama took our heart away, took our life away
' I'll never forget it
A man, strong guy, had tears in his eyes
He said, You gave us back our life, because they took it away from him
We gave it back
Best iron ore there is anywhere
My administration is also fighting the Democrat socialist healthcare agenda that would obliterate Medicare
Republicans will protect Medicare, and we will always protect patients with preexisting conditions
And for those of you that have private healthcare, health insurance, 180 million people, they are going to end it, obliterate it, and most people are thrilled with it
We are going to leave it
You're going to have your plan the way you want it
And there's no plan like those plans
Virtually every top Democrat also now supports late term abortion, ripping babies straight from the mother's womb, right up to the moment of birth
That is why I've asked Congress to prohibit extreme late term abortion, because Republicans believe that every child is a sacred gift from God
Democrats are now the party of high taxes, high crime, open borders, late term abortion, socialism, and blatant Washington corruption
The Republican Party is the party of the American worker, the American family, and it's the party of the American Dream
For years, you watched as your politicians apologized for America
You remember that? Gee, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry
Now you have a President who's standing up for America, we are standing up for Minneapolis, and we are standing up for the great state of Minnesota
We begin this political campaign with the best record, the best results, the best agenda, and the only positive vision for America
We begin this campaign with right now almost three years of perhaps the most successful administration in the history of our country
Together, we will help millions more citizens from welfare to work, from dependence to independence, and from poverty to prosperity
With your help, we will reelect, and we will elect a Republican Congress to create a safe, modern, fair, and lawful system of immigration
We will enact trade deals that ensure more products are proudly stamped with that beautiful phrase Made in the USA
We will achieve new breakthroughs in science and medicine, finding new cures for childhood cancer, and ending the AIDS epidemic in America within 10 years
Nobody thought that could be done
Going to be done
We will defend privacy, free speech, free assembly, religious liberty, and the right to keep and bear arms
And above all, we will never stop fighting for the values that bind us together as one America
We support, protect, and defend the Constitution of the United States
We stand with the incredible heroes of law enforcement
We believe in the dignity of work, and the sanctity of life
We believe that children should be taught to love our country, honor our history, and always respect our great American flag
And we live by the words of our great national motto, In God We Trust
We stand on the shoulders of American Patriots who built this country into the greatest nation ever to exist in history
Our ancestors crossed the oceans, settled a continent, tamed the wilderness, revolutionized industry, pioneered science, won two World Wars, defeated fascism and communism, and put a man on the face of the moon
Proud citizens like the people of Minnesota helped build this country, and together we are taking back our country
We are returning power to you, the American people
With your help, your devotion, your drive, we are going to keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting, and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning, winning
We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God
America is thriving like never before
And ladies and gentlemen of Minnesota, I will tell you this with great certainty, the best is yet to come
Thank you very much
And just in concluding, together we will make America wealthy again, we will make America strong again, we will make America safe again, and we will make America great again
Thank you, Minnesota
Thank you

Thank you, thank you very much
Thank you very much
That is a beautiful site right behind me, isn't it? That's a beautiful site
Thank you very much
And a very big hello, Wisconsin, we've been very good together
And I'm thrilled to be with thousands of loyal, hard-working American patriots
47 days from now, we're going to win Wisconsin and we're going to win four more years in the White House
This is the most important election in the history of our country
I feel that way so strongly, so do you
Joe Biden devoted his entire career to offshoring Wisconsin jobs, outsourcing your factories, throwing open your borders, dragging us into endless ridiculous foreign wars and surrendering your children's future to China
You know what he's been doing? I just see he's up there tonight getting softball questions from Anderson Cooper
They don't ask me questions like that
And the audience isn't quite like this
Do you see what his audience  they've got cars
They have car in a parking, it's the weirdest thing I've ever seen
And CNN is going, Oh, this is so beautiful
It's not beautiful
They have cars in a parking lot
What a deal, I'll tell you, what a deal
Biden's supported every disasterous global sellout for half a century, including a NAFTA, China
You take a look at China's entry into the World Trade Organization and TPP
He supported them all, Biden, surrendered your jobs to China and you know that
I probably wouldn't be here if it weren't for that, it was one of the big things, one of the big reasons I decided to say to my great wife, our first lady, let's go have some fun
Let's go have some fun
She's done a great job and very popular
And the family is all over the place, all over the country
But unlike Joe, who lets you down when he'd never even came back to Milwaukee to apologize or just to pay respects, I came to Wisconsin and I've been here a lot since, since we started this, a lot
And you've been a tremendous beneficiary of what I've done and I have to, because you've been with me, you've supported me and we've had great victories together, all victories, so I want to thank you
Now Biden wants to surrender our country to the violent left-wing mob
You see what's happening
If Biden wins very simple, China wins
If Biden wins, the mob wins
If Biden wins, the rioters, anarchists, arsonists, and flag burners, they win and we're not into flag burners
We don't like flag burners
I'd like to say, pass a law, one year in jail, you started burning flags, we put you in jail for a year
We should do that
They would have done that, it's a different world, I guess, but it's sort of coming back to the way we have to have it because we're for law and order
They say, don't use that term, it's too tough
No, everybody wants law and order
Minorities want law and order
Everybody wants law and order
They have to have it
I'm running for the reelection and a very important reelection to bring jobs in factories back and that's a continuation
Because I don't know if you know it, the single greatest year Wisconsin has ever had was last year
The second best year that Wisconsin has ever had was the year before
And guess what the third was the year before that? And you're going to have your best year economically next year, it's all heading in that direction despite the pandemic given to us by China
We want to put the violent criminals behind bars and we have to ensure the future belongs to America, not to China, not to other very terrible forces out there, because if we win, very simply America wins
And that's what we want, we want this great country to win
Over the last three and a half years, we've secured America's borders
Fixed the disastrous trade deals, they have been the worst ever
Not even  it was not even  when I looked at these, I studied them and I used to talk about them, they had to be bad
When I started studying, I said, Who are the people that made these deals?2 Grossly incompetent people
Brought back our manufacturing jobs, rebuilt the awesome power of the U
S
military and obliterated the ISIS caliphate
We open obliterated it
Obama was not able to do it, he wasn't able to come close
It was just announced that in 2019, before the virus came in from China, we grew median income by a record of $4,400 in just one year, achieving the highest median income in U
S
history
That's in the history of our country
In the first three years, we lifted six point six million people out of poverty, the largest poverty reduction of any president in the history of our country
That's not bad
And I didn't even make these numbers up
These are numbers that  they sound good to me
We built the greatest economy in the history of a world
This is the greatest economy in the history of the world
And then the virus came in, we closed it down, we saved millions and millions of lives
We'd be at two and a half million, two million, three million
A number that would not be sustainable, would not be acceptable
A horrible number, there shouldn't have been one person that died
It should have been stopped at China
They stopped it for their country, but it came out to us, to Europe, to the rest of the world, 188 countries
We will deliver a safe and effective vaccine before the end of the year
And it could be very, very soon
You've been seeing what's going  could be very, very soon
Could be, it's amazing how all of a sudden they hate the vaccine
When they thought it couldn't be done, they said, Well, he's got to get a vaccine
And then all of a sudden, they're looking like it's going to be very close
We're doing great
We're doing great with vaccines and therapeutics, Remdesivir, all sorts of other things that are bringing the rates down, like at numbers that nobody can believe
But we have three vaccines right now, they're in the final stage, clinical trials
We worked it for the FDA where they approved it fast
They went very fast, very quick, at levels that nobody else could have ever achieved
No other administration, certainly the last one, because the last one was grossly incompetent
In fact, that's why I'm here, because if it was good, I wouldn't have run
If they did their job, I wouldn't have run
I was very happy in my other life
I was very happy, but I'm very happy in this life
More happy, because nobody has produced in three and a half years, the first three and a half years, nobody has done what we have been able to do, nobody
So we'll defeat the virus and next year will be truly, I think, from an economic standpoint and from other standpoints, maybe the best year of all
Hard to believe we're going so fast, the numbers have been incredible
We've had employment numbers, the best ever
We've had retail sales numbers the best ever
You see them all, they come out every day
And our stock market is for the most part, at a new high
And if people have 401ks, if you want to have your 401k go down like to depression levels, I think you should vote for sleepy Joe, because he's going to raise your interest
He'll be raising your interest rates
I watch him though, he's denying all this up
Everything that he said, he's now denying
He said, no fracking, right? There will be no fracking during the  he didn't know what fracking was, but he said there's no fracking
The reason is because everybody else, all of the radical left candidates up there, they couldn't get too far left, so Joe agreed
Then he gets the nomination, now they're all angry
You know that crazy Bernie, all of the left democrats, they don't want to vote for him anymore because he made promises and now all of a sudden he forgot that he said no fracking
He said, Well, now we can do some fracking
But remember this in politics, it's always the thing that they say first, that's what they're going to do
No guns, no religion, no energy, no oil, remember that
Remember, he put Beto in charge of his gun policy, right? Beto, crazy Beto
Remember when Beto went out, he said, I was born for this
And that's when it all came down
As soon as I heard that, anybody said they were born for this, that doesn't play well
But he's in charge of the Second Amendment
And you won't have a Second Amendment
Frankly, you wouldn't have a Second Amendment if I didn't get elected, it would have been obliterated
It would have been torn up
Maybe it would have been totally knocked out
But there's tremendous pressure on your Second Amendment
As long as I'm here, you'll always have a Second Amendment
But I want to just say, they do disinformation, they make up a phony story and then they go with it
They make up a totally phony story
It's called disinformation
And one of the things, oh, what they did, the worst of all was the soldiers
Because, nobody loves our soldiers like I do and they made up a phony deal
And that's why I say the gloves are off because when they do that, that's worse than what I'm going to talk to you about, that's big 10
You know we got it back, right? We got big 10
But the soldier story, about standing over their graves, you know the one I'm talking about, then they do a commercial
And I said, the good news about that is the gloves are off
I can now call him grossly incompetent, the man is incompetent
He's been there for 47 years, he didn't do a thing
Now all of a sudden, in years where he was never considered smart, but now he's really not considered smart
And now all of a sudden he's going to do what he never did in 47 years
He's got to do this and that and everything that I'm doing, everything that we're doing
But I want to congratulate the big 10 conference on yesterday's announcement that the fall season will start very soon
Oh, I hope your team does well after all that
I hope that team does well
But I especially want to thank a football legend, he was great
Wisconsin's own Barry Alvarez, he was great
Good, got to be careful when you do that, a lot of times you don't like people too much
They say, Oh, but he's a good man
We worked with him
We worked with a whole group, including the commissioner of the league, did a very, very good job, did a very good job
But we called them, and the reason is that they took an ad
In other words, another one, disinformation
They took an ad saying I was against football
I'm the one that said they shouldn't close
But I said that, if they close, they close
But then they took an ad saying I'm the one, I didn't want it
I wanted it closed
So then I said, Well, no, I don't
I want it open
Let me call up the commissioner
We called up the commissioner and he was great
He said, You really think so? And bottom line, we worked very hard, lots of calls to lots of different states, lots of people
We dealt with the players, the parents of the players, who are really the boss, that's okay, I won't say that
But these are players that have a shot at the NFL
They have a shot at pro-football
We want the NFL to proudly stand when they sing our National Anthem
Or their ratings are going to continue to go down like they did last weekend, down 27%
Because people don't want that
You know what, we have enough politics, right? We have politics here
We have politics all over
In fact, sometimes I have to turn it off
I can't do it anymore
I can't watch me
It's always  I can't watch me
I can't watch
But no, we have enough politics
We don't want to watch now on Sunday, all, here we go again with the politics, let them play football, let them stand and salute or put your hand on your heart and be proud of our country and be proud of our great American flag
And then go home to the mansion and have a good time
Take a nice sauna and then if you want, after you recover, you come out and you go and you do your thing, whatever the thing may be
But people don't want to see it and the ratings are down
Here we go again
I thought we taught them that lesson two years ago
Didn't we think? I thought we taught that lesson
But Biden would absolutely eradicate your state's economy
I know this state very well
It's one of the reasons I made the great deal with Canada and Mexico, but Canada, because they were taking advantage of you so badly on your dairy products
You had a 287% tariff on your dairy products with Canada
People don't realize Canada is one of the toughest negotiators and they treated your state and this country very unfairly until I came along, very, very unfairly
Did you know that? 287
But I saw some farmers and this was like the straw that broke the camel's back
They had something called specialty milk
Does anybody know what that is? Right, you know
A lot of people  it's a small little grouping of milks, specialty milk
But this was the final straw
And I met some people and Canada finally did it to them like they did it to everybody else
And they raised a tariffs massively, they made it impossible
They tried to take over that business too, along with all of them, it was just massive and horrible what they did
And that really got me going, the little specialty milk, specialty products, a small portion, but you know what, that was it
And we have a great deal
The USMCA is a great deal and I'm very honored to have done it
But it was all because of specialty milk and the way you were taken advantage of by Canada
You know, they have the wonderful, Oh, Canada, we love to hear the song, right? But let me tell you, they are very tough
And they've taken advantage of our country for many, many years
And I will tell you this, they're not so happy now, but at least they got a deal, but you're happy
And it's about time you were happy
You now have a great deal and you're not going to have your companies leaving for Mexico anymore or Canada
And you're not going to have them make your product in Mexico or Canada, send it over here with no tariff, with no tax
Where we lose tax, we lose jobs, we lose our companies, we lose everything
And they make a lot of money selling the product to us, same product
So we're not doing that stuff anymore
There's a tremendous disincentive, it's called, like, let's not do it
And you haven't seen that lately
You haven't seen too many companies leaving have you? It's sort of an amazing thing
It's a little bit like what we did with the statues
So on the statutes, they were knocking them down three or four months ago
I said, Do we have any laws? No, but there was a very old law
I said, What was it? You get 10 years in jail, 10 years in prison, they actually use the word prison, which is a tough word
You get 10 years in prison if you knocked down a statue or a monument
I said, Let me see that law, I want to see that law
Right, Glen, right? I want to see that law
Thank you
Thank you
Thank you
Thank you very much
So big tax cuts, big regulation cuts
The Democrats, they want to  the Democrats, they want to just really break us down in terms of our competitive ability to compete with other nations
Do you notice what's happening with Japan? You notice what's  We have taken billions and billions of dollars in from China
We charge them a fortune
In fact, many farmers in this group, because you got to love Trump
I gave you $28 billion, right? Thank you very much, China, right? You were targeted
12 billion, Sonny Purdue, Secretary of Agriculture
I said, Sonny, how much have they been hit for, targeted for? Remember when China said we're not going to do anything, we're not buying
They thought they were going to put pressure on us
Sonny said, Sir, 12 billion, the year before last and last year was 16, total of 28 billion
We took 28 billion out of the tariffs
China never paid us 25 cents, not 25 cents with Obama and Biden
And in all fairness with no president, they paid us nothing
They pay us now tens of billions of dollars
I took a small portion of it, I added it up, 16 and 12, 28, and I said, $28 billion is going to the farmers
Did everybody get that money, right? You had a very good year, the farmers have had a very good year
Last week, China ordered and you have to understand, I view China differently now than I did six months ago, we made a great trade deal but I view it differently because I don't know if I can ever view it the same
But last week they know how I feel and they're very smart
So instead of saying, we're not going to do business, which would have been okay with me
We would have worked it out somehow, you would have been very successful, the farmers
But last week, they had the largest order of corn
Did you know this? In the history of our country
Did anyone know this, the farmers? From China, thank you very much
The largest order of soybeans in the history of our country
And one of the largest cattle orders in the history of our country, because they're very smart
Somebody else would have said, well, let's not do business
And then it would have been easy for me, but they gave us so much
I have every farmer calling up saying, please do me a favor
We love this
We love this
This is a great deal
It's a great deal, but we feel differently about it, don't we? We just feel differently about it
I don't talk about it like I used to, I talked about it, it was great
And it turned out to be a great deal, but I don't talk about it the same way
At no time before has there been a clearer choice between two parties, two visions, two philosophies or two agendas for the future than these two parties, you got law and order on one side and you have chaos on the other
On November 3rd, Wisconsin will decide whether we will quickly return to record prosperity or whether we will allow Biden and the Democrats to impose a four trillion dollar tax hike, ban American energy, confiscate your guns, which is what they want to do
Shut down the economy, destroy the suburbs
You know they were destroying our suburbs, you know that, right? I don't know, if somebody said, you just doing okay in the suburbs? I said, How can I do okay, I saved the suburbs
What I've done is saved the suburbs
And you know this, I don't have to go into it, but I saved the suburbs
I think the suburbs  Last time, four years ago, Oh, he's not going to do well with women
I did great with women
They said, Well a big thing
Remember that?
No, but was that one of the greatest evenings ever, remember? And remember all the fake news, look at all the  Oh la, that's a lot
That's a lot of people back there
Look at that, the red lights are on
Don't worry, I won't say anything bad about you CNN
Because as soon as I see, as soon as I- Because as soon as I see  As soon as I'm getting ready to say something about fake news, et cetera, et cetera, the lights start going off so I'm not going to  One just went off I think
You can tell by the lights, they got that little beautiful red light
You see it? But I won't say anything bad about them but they are fakers and do you remember when they  Remember when they were saying that the polls are terrible
Actually these polls are very good compared  That was so bad it was like why did anybody vote
They're called suppression polls
They make them so bad that you lose all your appetite, you lose all your spirit, they take your guts out, and you don't go and vote, and your wife looks at you and says, Darling I love that guy, but he's not going to win
He doesn't have a chance because the polls, he's down 10, he's down 20, he's down 50 points, darling
He can't possibly win
Let's go have dinner and then we'll come home and watch his concession speech
But my people didn't buy that because my people went out to vote
Instead, we watched her concession speech
Crooked Hillary, that was a real piece of work
Remember when she was saying, Will you accept the decision of the voters? Will you accept that decision? I wasn't perfect, I said I'll see how it works out
I should have said, Yes, I will, but I couldn't do that because I know how crooked she is
Would you accept the decision? The anchor said to me like, Will you accept? They're coming after me, I said, You're supposed to be going after her a little bit too
Did you ever see debates where you had all of the anchors plus the candidates against me? Here we sit, is that Air Force One, yes, that's Air Force One
How did that happen? A lot of the times I'd say to the anchor, I'd say, Wait a minute
Wait a minute
This isn't fair
I mean I'm watching what they're doing with Biden where he's using teleprompters, Move it up, move it up, I can't see, I can't see
He's shot
He's shot
President Xi of China is not shot
Putin is not shot
Kim Jong-un, remember we're supposed to be in a war with him, what happened to the war? No, it seems to be good
Did you see the Middle East two days ago? Remember our incompetent negotiator John Kerry? He never got up to walk
The guy's getting beaten on every point, I say, Walk
Walk
Get up and leave the table
You're giving up
They'd say, We want this
He'd say, Well, I'd rather not
We want this
Okay, you got it
We want that
You got it
We want that
Say no and walk
They'll probably possibly call you back and if they don't that's okay too
But right now I will tell you Iran, if we win, Iran will be calling us within the first week, they're dying to make a deal
GDP down 27%
They don't have too much money for terror anymore, it's actually amazing, do you notice what's going on? Now I don't want to speak too loud, but I did put out on social media the other day that if they hit us in any way, any form, written instructions already done, we're going to hit them 1000 times harder than we've ever hit them before
So hopefully they will just come and we'll make a deal and they'll go back to being a rich country, let them go back and be rich but they cannot have a nuclear weapon
They cannot
That deal was so bad that Obama made
$150 billion, they got $150 billion for nothing
You know the deal is practically  If I didn't terminate it which I'm proud to have done, but if I didn't terminate it, they got $1
8 billion in cash, how about that? If I didn't terminate that stupid deal, first of all you wouldn't have the deal in the Middle East and all these countries are joining, it's happening fast
They want to all join
We did it, you know, the reverse
We did it the  Thank you very much
Thank you very much
You know it's interesting, thank you very much
I knew I like you
So the Nobel Peace Prize
So the funny thing, a lot of people don't know because the fake news doesn't write about it
So if you're a president, right? And you are nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize, you're the United States, no, but think of this
That's a big deal
I mean Obama got it like in his first couple of weeks and nobody knew why he got it including him, remember? He couldn't tell you why
He had no idea
To this day, he has no idea why he got it
But if you're a president and you get nominated, then two days later, you get nominated, did you know this, a second time, for a different deal
Kosovo
Serbia
They've been killing each other for hundreds of years
I stopped a lot of death and I did it like easy, it wasn't hard for me
It's sort of a natural thing to do but we did a good thing
But you know what? They did a check
So I got nominated twice for the Nobel Peace Prize, that's a big deal, I don't know
I should have gotten nominated seven times because we did a lot of other things, but these are for two different deals, and not one mention was made on the evening news
Think of it
I got rid of the prosecutor, here's the billion, right? But they don't want to play that too often
You have to look around for it
It's a very unfair deal but as the expression goes, we won, I don't know how the hell we did it
When you look at the opposition, when you look at how unfair it is and these guys know very well, you look at how unfair it is, it's pretty damn good, but we have a lot of support
We have tremendous support of the people
These rallies, look at this rally
These rallies  These rallies are incredible gap ever polled
I'm not a believer in the polls but I believe that one
It's the biggest enthusiasm gap, he's got no enthusiasm
The only enthusiasm is for the people that want to beat us, they want to beat me
That's the only thing he's got, the people that want to  They couldn't care less about him
He could be that piece of wood that was left in the ground
Biden will hand the left wing mob the keys to your kids' classroom
Earlier today I took a historic stand against the hateful lies being fed to America's youth, the parents know all about it
I checked, they're doing it in Wisconsin too
I was a little surprised, I'm a little surprised
I'm a little surprised you let it happen actually but we're going to get rid of it
I announced that we're launching a new pro-American lesson plan for students called 1776 Commission
We're going to teach our children the truth about America, that we're the most exceptional nation ever to exist and we're getting better every single day
Sleepy Joe Biden is wholly owned and controlled by the far left
He even opposed sending the National Guard into a place called Kenosha, did you ever hear of Kenosha? How about that, did we do a good job? I wish we did it a little sooner but we finally got your governor's okay
We have to do that if  We got to get the governors to say please do it
How they don't do it, how they don't do it in some other places when you look at what's going on with Chicago, right? When you look at what's going on with Portland, those are just anarchists
You know how long it would take us to fix up Portland in terms of ending it all? I'd say far less than an hour, I'd say a half hour
Look what we did at Minneapolis
We're doing well in Minnesota because they saw what happened
Now they shouldn't have allowed it to go on for 11 days, they should have called us immediately but do you remember that beautiful night? Nice evening, a little problem, there were a lot of buildings in the background that were burning down to the ground as reporters said, No, this is a peaceful protest
I don't know if it's your state but a couple of them they have  You're allowed to protest, so you can't go to church but you can rip the hell out of the streets, of Main Street, of 5th Avenue, break up the stores
Burn down the buildings
Climb over each other's face, you can climb right over their face
You don't have to wear masks, you don't have to do anything
25,000 people walking down the street, looters, anarchists, agitators, burning down stores, throwing things at police
They've taken the authority away from our police, our great police
They've taken their authority and their dignity away
We're giving it back, we have to, we have to
By the way, I was endorsed by New York's finest and we're with them all the way
I was just endorsed two days ago by Chicago Police
I think that takes courage, right? Philadelphia, Florida, Texas, everybody, Ohio
I don't know, did anybody  Is there one group of  Even if it was a tiny little group of two or three police, did anybody endorse Sleepy Joe? I don't think so
But we did a great job in Kenosha
We got out there, I went there as you know, a little while ago but had we not gone in that place would  It would have been burned to the ground
They did damage, we should have gone in
I wanted to go in the first night, we would have stopped it immediately but it was a great outcome as was in Minnesota
Again, if they would have called us early it would have been over
Portland, I'd love to go there
That would be so easy
You know in Seattle, they heard we were coming in, they gave up
They heard we  I said, That's enough
We're going in
I don't care
We're going in
Do you have permission
No, we're going in
They took over a chunk of the city, and when they heard we were going in it's like, Well we give up, that's it
That was the end of the Settle problem
It's a terrible thing that's going on
All in Democratic run, super liberal run, cities
The red cities are doing great
I think we're doing great all over, the Republican cities, we're fair
We're not stupid
How stupid these people are
Did you see Chicago? 48 people shot, six died
You know we're in Afghanistan, we're pulling the troops, you know that, we're coming back, we're almost finished
We're pulling  Finally, these endless wars
These endless wars, and we had to fight other things but we've done a great job but we're acting like a police force over there
No, we're pulling the troops, we're almost out of Iraq
That's another one, we're down to about 2,000 troops, did you know that Sean? 2,000 troops
So Syria, we're out but we kept the oil so we have some  Was it okay that we at least kept the oil? I feel badly because we have some troops  Well you haven't pulled the troops
No no, we're gone, we pulled all the troops out of Syria
Remember we were supposed to be guarding the border between Syria and Turkey? I said, Why are we doing that? They said, Well, we are
I said, Wait a minute, we have an army of 100,000 here, an army of 25,000, 30,000 here
We got 5,000 soldiers
That's a very dangerous position to be in
I don't like it
They've been guarding their own borders with different names for a thousand years
Why the hell do we have to be over there guarding their border? We want to guard our own borders, right, where we're doing very well
Where we're doing very well
We're doing great on our southern border, I hate to say this, but that wall is going up very rapidly, 10 miles a week
We're up to 330 miles and the wall will be finished very soon
You think that was easy, that was not easy, our great congressman over here, that was not easy
The Democrats were totally in favor of the wall until I said when I came in, We will build the wall
As soon as I said it, they were against the wall
They said, We don't want you to build the wall
Walls don't work
I said, No no, walls always work
You know what else works? The wheel
The wheel and the wall, you can go back
Come back in 1,000 years from now
The only two things I know for sure, you're going to have a wheel and you're going to have a wall
The computers, they come up with a brand new computer, it's genius, 12 days later, it's obsolete
But walls are never obsolete, neither are wheels
So I made one mistake and I tell this to these guys because they were great warriors for me, the congressmen
They were incredible actually
I tell it to them
I should have said instead of we will build the wall, we will build the wall, we will build  Then the Democrats held us up and fought us and sued us and everything else and now we won so many lawsuits on the wall and we had the military money, I can build like 10 walls with all the money we have
It's the craziest thing
Maybe we'll build it double thick or we'll go twice as high
No, but the wall is great
Everything, everything, that they wanted, but I made one mistake
I should have said, We will not build a wall
Then they would have insisted that we build it, I could have saved two years of litigation
We will not build a wall under any circumstances
Then Pelosi would say, We demand that you build a wall
These people are terrible
Crazy Nancy, crazy as a bedbug
She's crazy as a bedbug
She decided to make a nice little stop-in at the beauty parlor, how did that work out? Not too good, it didn't work out too well
Can you imagine? The owner of the beauty parlor is a MAGA lady, she loves Trump
Can you believe it? I don't know what it is but I think if I owned a beauty parlor, I had a customer, I'm not sure I'd be turning her in
The owner turned Nancy in
That's a lot of hate
That's serious hate, right? No, she's a great owner
As far as I'm concerned, I think she's fantastic
She's for us
They said, What made you do it? You know what she said, Because I see how hard our president has to work
I see what they put him through
I see what he puts with and I turned her in
How about that? How about that? We love her
She can do my hair anytime
I think I'm going to call her in
Check it out, maybe you can do something
Maybe you can improve it, it's not bad though
I have friends that  I have friends my age, they're not looking too good
Instead of standing up for America, Joe Biden and the Democrats, they condemn America and war is always waged on our great law enforcement
We love our law enforcement
Kamala Harris, that's another great beauty, Kamala Harris, that's a beauty
Remember, I tell this story all the time
When you pick somebody, you pick somebody that's hot, that's going in the right direction, right? She came out, she was at like 14, 15 in the polls, and she started going down, down, down, it never stopped
It drove her crazy
She was terrible at the debates
Wait till you see what  I don't want to put pressure on him but wait till you see what Mike Pence does to her in the debates, but I don't want to put  I don't want to put pressure on Mike
Do we have a great vice president? Is he good? He's great, and he loves this state
Loves all the states actually
He's just a great American but do you remember his last debate? What he did to that character from Virginia? That one wasn't good
The other guy's jumping around, Mike is just sitting there, we love America, we're going to lower your taxes
Thank you, you win
No, Mike is great
But Kamala Harris and 13 members of Biden's staff urged their supporters to donate to a fund to bail out rioters, take them out of jail, get them out of jail as soon as possible
Including one who attempted to murder a police officer, a man who was accused of sexually assaulting an eight-year-old girl
This is what we're dealing with
This is what we're dealing with
You know Kamala was considered, is considered further left than Crazy Bernie, think of that
They got there  I mean seriously, watch
You know the manifesto that Biden and  It's not Biden, Biden has not agreed to anything
His people, his representatives, because Biden doesn't know he's alive, let's not kid ourselves
Biden
Biden didn't agree, he didn't, they just told him what's happening
They said, Listen, you're against fracking but now you have to be in favor of fracking because you lucked out
Elizabeth Warren decided not to drop out and when she stayed, Pocahontas, you know Pocahontas? Did anybody ever hear of her? She's another great one
Pocahontas
I said to her a long time ago, I've got more Indian blood in me than you do and I have none, I have none
Sadly
I'd love a little bit of it, but I have none, I said  I turned out to be right
She choked and she went for a blood test
Remember? Was it 1024th? Meaning maybe nine hundred years ago, there was a little action going on
Crazy Pocahontas, she's a nasty one though, isn't she? She's a terrible person
I was hoping that she'd win so we could go after her because I think Kamala is not as smart but she's a little bit less vicious
I think this
The one who treated Sleepy Joe the worst was Kamala
She accused him of MeToo, she accused him of everything
She accused him of  That he was a racist, right? That he was a racist? Because what he's done to the black population of this country was a terrible thing
She's accused him of everything under the book, the busing, remember, the busing scandal
So I said brilliantly he'll never pick her because she was too terrible to him
She was the worst of everybody
By far, I would say, but she picked him and hopefully that's going to be history, it's not going to matter, and that is no way for a woman to become the first president, that's for sure
If a woman is going to become the first president of the United States, it can't be her
That would rip our country apart
This is not what people want and she comes in through the backdoor, this would not be what people want, especially because it's her
Biden has called to end cash bail, you know that right, for vicious criminals? Meaning if you assault a copy or anybody else, you're right back on the street the next day
He called for police and he calls them all the time the enemy
He says they're the enemy and he just thinks it's terrible
He think it's terrible
Now he's liking the police much more
It's a little late
Remember, first instinct, that's where they're going, and he has no choice because he has to, because again, I was going to say, the radical left hates him because they think he deceived them because they agreed on that manifesto and that manifesto is seriously a leftist dream and he agreed from the Green New Deal, getting rid of your planes
No more airplane trips
Remember the crazy senator from Hawaii? Do you like the Green New Deal? I love it very much, he said
Oh okay, well you're the senator from Hawaii, that's right, the beautiful island of Hawaii
She said, Under the Green New Deal you basically can't fly in an airplane
Oh that's a problem
So they said they'd build a bridge from the mainland to Hawaii
It's 2,000 miles long but these are minor details
Remember her when they explained to her that planes are out, cows are out
Cows, they don't want cattle, they don't want cows
Did they withdraw that one? That was a tough one, wasn't it? They don't want cows, bad for the ozone layer
Who would even think of that? You'd got to be sick to even think it, okay? Give me a break
Give me a break and I guess under that theory this big guy is next, he's next
No, it's a sick deal going on there
To do it the way they want would cost $100 trillion
That's more money than this country could earn in 1,000 years to do it right
 We don't like that building, the windows are too large
Okay, let's rip it down and build a new one
What windows are you going to have? You're not going to have windows anymore
Environmental
They love wind too, right? The big windmills, I always say, the greatest graveyard in the world for birds, just walk under a windmill
You will see more dead birds than you will ever imagine, what's happening, including eagles
You know, in California they put you in jail if you shoot a bald eagle, right? You go to jail, right? These windmills are knocking them out of the sky all day long
It's unbelievable, and yet they want wind, and wind also is very, it's very hard to store the electricity from wind
So if you go home and you want to watch television because President Trump is on and you want to watch one of his very brilliant State of the Union addresses, if the wind isn't blowing, the husband looks at the wife, says, Darling, I'm sorry, you can't watch tonight
The wind is not blowing
Sorry, you can't watch tonight
The wind is not blowing
And she looks at me, I like the old days
It's much better
But the rhetoric of Biden and the radical left puts your law enforcement in serious danger
Last weekend, two Los Angeles sheriff's deputies were ambushed and shot at point blank range
And we have everybody looking for that creep that did it
I called him an animal the other night
I said, He's an animal, and we were challenged by some people on the left
He's not an animal
He's a human being
He's not a human being
They got to find him
They got to find him
And the penalty has to be very fast, very swift and very, very severe
You can't do that
We call for the death penalty if you kill a policeman
You know that, right? But the anti police demonstrators, they cheered and cheered when they saw this
And then they tried to stop them from even getting into the hospital
As president, I'll always support the heroes of law enforcement and I'll fight to ensure that criminals who murder police officers do indeed get the death penalty
They want prisoners to vote too, they wanted to
I said, So what about the Boston bomber? Remember Bernie Sanders? He wanted all prisoners to have
And I said, Does that mean everybody? Yes
So we sent in a question, Does that include the Boston bomber? Is he entitled to a vote? And even Bernie is going, Oh man, let's get into a different question
This is not a good question
But we want to get that, we want to take care of it
If you look at all of the problems that we have, you look at crime, even somebody brought it up today, we're doing a great job relative to other countries on the coronavirus
You know how many names we have? Like 22 different names
I call it the China virus
We're doing a great job
But if you want to really see a great job, take New York and some of these other Democrat run states out of it
You'll see numbers that are unbelievable because New York had a very, very hard time
A lot of bad things happened
But you take a few of the states out and you'll really see numbers
But by comparison to other countries and by almost all metrics, we've done an incredible job, including the job of helping the world with ventilators and all of the things that we built
And I think our task force has been incredible
And Mike Pence has done a great job
Biden opposes the death penalty for cop killers or mass murderers
Biden says he wants to protect black lives, but his radical platform will cut short the lives of thousands of African American citizens
The Democrat party's war on cops has already led to surging homicides in Democrat controlled cities
Yet Biden supports imposing these failed policies nationwide
They ask him, What about nationwide? What about the fact that you just had your Democrat national convention? Where, by the way, we had far many more viewers, millions and millions of more viewers
We had millions of more
I thought it was a great thing
Did anybody hear Herschel Walker that night? It was  well
You talk about a good football player
He was some player
What a great guy
But all of them, everybody
The first lady did great, Ivanka did great
They all did, they did great
We had some  and some incredible stories, some very sad stories when you look and see what happened
But Biden's plan is to appease the domestic terrorists
My plan is to arrest the domestic terrorists
Joe Biden is a weak person
He's always been a weak person
And that was in prime time
And prime time was 25 years ago
And let me tell you, he's not old
I always defend him on this
I have friends that are 85, 89, 92, 95, and they're 100%
There's just something wrong with Joe
He's off, okay? He's off, and I have no problem saying it anymore when I watch the disinformation, because this is not disinformation
This is fact
If he's elected, his radical supporters won't just be causing mayhem on the streets, they'll be running the Department of Justice, Department of Homeland Security, the Department of Education
And most importantly, they will put many judges on the United States Supreme Court
We can't have that
We'll have a totally different country; radical left judges
And that has to do with the Second Amendment
It has to do with right to life, it has to do with so many different things that will turn your world upside down
And they'll have one, two, three or four, whoever is the next president
And hopefully, that's going to be us
Not me, us
It's us
But I put it, and think of this, by the end of the term, we'll have approximately 300 brand new, great federal judges, Court of Appeals judges 300, which is a record, 300
Give or take a little, tiny bit, but 300
Nobody thought that was possible
I want to thank President Obama
He left us 142 openings
Nobody gets left one opening
A federal judgeship is a big deal
Nobody gets left any openings
He gave us 142 openings
Thank you very much
What happened? They thought Hillary was going to win, so they didn't push it
And then they said, Wait a minute, these polls are getting a little close at the end
And they tried like hell to get some judges approved, but it didn't work
That's what happens
You got to go and you have to act fast
You got to get it done
Get it done, right? We get things done like nobody's ever gotten it
Oh, he was a great president
He was great
He left 142 judges for the Republicans
He was a great president, right? If you are of that side of the plate of that ideology, and you had a president that left you 142 federal judgeships, I don't think you'd rate him as doing a good job
Hey, look at what happened in Iraq, look at what happened with ISIS, look at what happened with our military, look at what happened with our vets
Our vets are better taken care of now than they've ever been in the history of our country, but never forget they are coming after me because I am fighting for you
And that's true
That's true
And we're winning the fight and we're winning this election
This election, we are doing well
They refuse to say it
They refuse to say it, and they hate to say it
It just drives them crazy
But that night, remember they started off by saying, This will be a very short evening for Donald Trump
That was Donald Trump in those days
Now, it's President Trump
I lost all my friends because of this position
I had friends
Hey, Don, let's go to dinner
Okay
Good, Richard
I'll go
Hey, Don, let's go
Okay, Larry
I'll see you later
I'll meet you at a restaurant in New York
Everybody was nice and loose
You could have a great conversation, and you don't want to know what we talked about
It's just none of your business, but we were loose
All of a sudden, I'd become president of the United States
And these are a lot of  I know a lot of important people
Actually, the people I like the best are the people that are less successful because it makes you feel so powerful
I always say, never go out with a successful person
You'll understand
But I know a lot of very successful people, very, very successful
And now they call me up, Mr
President, sir, would you like to get together sometime? I say, Loosen up
Yes, call me Donald
You've known me for 30 years, call me Donald
Oh, thank you so much
Thank you, Mr
President, I appreciate it
I lost all my friends because it's respect for the office, let's face it
It's different
They used to be loose, they used to be great
You could sit back, I'm not a drinker, but you could sit back and have a drink, whatever the hell you're drinking
And now, you can't do that anymore
You can't do it anymore
So I have to rely on people in Congress to be my friends
And we just happened to have a couple tonight
And one of them who's been a great warrior and he's doing a fantastic job, I just saw you on television by the way, Bryan
Does everybody know Bryan Steil? Bryan Steil; young, handsome, but a warrior
When the fake impeachment happened, it was a total fake, what did we finish up with the Republicans? 197 to nothing, right at the house
One night, it was a fake impeachment
I got impeached over a perfect phone call of congratulations to the president of Ukraine, who I never met before
If you're going to do something, at least know him a little bit, right? I never met him
And then they said it was eight times, quid pro quo
That was Adam Schiff
Shifty Schiff, right? And he went before Congress and he repeated my conversation, except that he made it all up
Remember he repeated it? And then I said, Ah, fortunately, we had that whole thing essentially recorded
I'm glad I did, but these are very deceptive, deceiving, sick people
And I said, Well, he lied because there was no quid pro quo
It was a perfect conversation
But by that time it was too late because they had already embarrassed themselves by doing it
And Nancy Pelosi was all set
She loved doing it, she from day one, but she thought it was what Schiff said
When she saw the conversation, she said to her people, What the hell did you get me into? So they could have dropped it, but they said, Let's give it a shot
He's another beauty, Mitt Romney
He's a real beauty
He couldn't get elected dog catcher right now in Utah
So we have another great one and he's really a friend of mine, and he's been solid
He loves his country and he loves his state, Glenn Grothman
Glenn, thank you very much, friend
And a man who just got elected, and he's from an area that I know very well, we did very well, we got our big, big, fat, beautiful contract that produced lots of jobs
But he was taking a legend's place, so it's never easy to replace a legend
That's Duffy, in case anybody  And they was running and we did a lot of work for him, and it was great
And he reacted very well under pressure
A lot of people don't react well under pressure
They choke, they choke
He was under a lot of pressure and he ended up winning by like 18 points
And now, he's your congressman
He's doing a great job
You got to vote for all these people on November 3rd, Tom Tiffany
Thank you, Tom
And we have a great congressional candidate, Derrick Van Orden
Where's Derrick? Derrick, good luck
I hear good things, Derrick
You got my total support
I hear very good things
I could only be supportive
Our record is like 222 and three, so I don't like to have a loss
And I support you a 100%, you know that
You have my total endorsement, all right? I hear you're fantastic
All right
And your former congressman who I hope is making a lot of money in the private sector because he deserves it, especially his wife, Rachel deserves it, she's just fantastic
He's fantastic because I know he's coming back into government in some form
He can come with us
He can stay here
He can maybe run for governor or maybe do something, Sean Duffy
Sean Duffy
No, but he was the World Champion tree climber
And I love sports, right? Anytime you know the world champion at anything, but especially that, and I'll never forget
I was asking about it
How was it was? He said, well, he broke his back numerous times
He broke a lot of bones
I said, Let me ask you a question
How much harder was it to go up the tree than down? He said, It was easy going up
The hard part was coming down because if he missed, that was where the danger was, right? That was where the danger
But many times, world champion
Could you still do it today? A little bit heavier, he said
You got to carry a little bit more weight
That's all right
That's not a good sign though, right? Anyway, great job
We love having you Rachel, thank you very much
You are a friend
Fox and friends, and plenty of other places, right? A lot of personality, a lot of personality
Rachel, she's been our friend from day one, I think from day one
And her fantastic family too
Tonight, we're also praying for everyone in the path of Hurricane Sally
We're out there working very hard
We are working in Florida and Alabama and Georgia
We have FEMA
We have everybody there
We just finished in  take a look, we just went to Louisiana, Texas
We're getting hit by some big hurricanes, but we have it under control
Really good
Our coast guard has been fantastic, by the way
Unbelievable, the bravery
They go into these storms
They go into these storms
They say, How dangerous is it? Sir, it's very dangerous
I say, Yeah
All right
He said, Would you like to try it sometime? I say, Admiral, no, thank you
I'll take a pass
I think they might have a problem with me doing it, but I will tell you, they are  In Texas, they saved 16,000 people two years ago, the coast guard, US Coast Guard
I think there's no brand to me, that's gone up more than the US Coast Guard
So it's great that we're getting them new ships
Those ships are all coming in
Nice new ones, all built in the USA, beautiful ones
Most of them have already arrived
My administration will be by their side through every step
We're working again, very, very hard in the Panhandle
The Panhandle, we love the Panhandle
It got hit hard
We spent the last four years reversing the horrible damage Joe Biden inflicted over the last 47 years
We passed record tax cuts and regulation cuts
Nobody's ever done more, more than anybody else has ever done to keep our family farms in the family
We've virtually eliminated the unfair estate tax, also known as the death tax
So if you die in 100 years from now, and you have children who you love as opposed to children that you can stand  is anybody here they have children that they don't like, or perhaps can't stand? Because if you do, don't listen to the rest of this
But if you have a family that you love and you have a small business or farm or whatever, they were being put out of business
They'd have to go and borrow the money to pay the estate tax, the death tax
And it was a terrible thing
We got rid of it, so now you can leave your farm, your small business to your family
And just hope they remember you every once in a while
It's always a difficult situation, but it was
It was ruining farms
They'd have to go out and sell the farm, they'd have to go out and get partnerships, they'd have to go out and borrow money from banks
And then all of a sudden they're in foreclosure proceedings and they've never done that before
They don't have to worry about that anymore
If you love your family, that's a big deal
They've been trying to get that, Sean, for what, 30 years they've been trying to get that, right? Especially for the farmers, because it's that kind of a business
It's a great business, but it's day to day
You have a bad crop, all of a sudden you can't pay interest on a loan to pay your state tax, right? And they lose their farm
So we're not going to have that anymore
We achieved American energy independence for the first time
Totally independent
We don't have to be in those far away places unless we want to be
Biden pledged to abolish American oil, American jail, clean coal, natural gas
He said the fracking, I told you that, but we're not going to let him get away
We'll be bringing that up on occasion
For 47 years, Joe Biden crushed the dreams of Wisconsin workers and enriched foreign countries
That's what happened
Before I got here, what was happening with Japan? And we pay our deep respects to Prime Minister Abe of Japan, a great friend of all of ours, a great friend of mine
He's going to be leaving office very soon, like in a matter of a day
And he was a great gentleman
He's a tough negotiator, I'll tell you that
He made very good deals against the United States, but he's somebody that's going to be missed
He's a great gentleman
He championed every special interest, Biden, every special interest
And he sold out on trade
He sold out like almost nobody ever before
Earlier this year, I kept my promise to American workers when we ended the NAFTA nightmare and signed the brand new US-Mexico-Canada Agreement into law
I saved the US auto industry by withdrawing from the last administration's job killing catastrophe, the Trans-Pacific Partnership
You ever hear of that beauty? That would have really hit you
In 2017, I signed a historic executive order making government policy to buy American and hire American
I'm watching this Biden and he's got his sign in front, Buy American
Oh, by American
I've been saying that for like 20 years, right? Where the hell has this guy been? They were actually accusing him of plagiarism
I also took the toughest ever action to stand up to China's rampant theft of Wisconsin jobs
And it's all jobs, but you got hit particularly hard
Biden has vowed to remove those tariffs and allow China to resume its pillaging
He wants to take the tariffs off that are paying us tens of billions of dollars a year
I fought like hell to keep them into the China deal and he wants to remove them
So tens of billions of dollars, billions and billions, I gave it to the farmers
I gave it to a lot of people, but I gave most of it by far, to the US Treasury
He wants to take them off
So let me just ask you just a very innocent question
There's a young man, about four years old up front, I think he could give the answer
Who do you think would like to have China? How do you think China would feel about this election? In one case, they paid billions and billions of dollars a month to the US
We never got ever, 25 cents from China
In the other case, he said, We're going to take them off
I think they might be inclined to go for Sleepy Joe
This is like a dream for China
Joe Biden's agenda is made in China
My agenda is made in the USA
It's very simple
So we did many things
Not only China, not only the $28 billion farmers
We did so much and I'm proud to announce that I'm doing even more to support Wisconsin farmers
Starting next week, my administration is committing an additional, you've been asking for this for a long time, $13 billion in relief to help farmers recover from the China virus, including Wisconsin's incredible dairy, cranberry and ginseng farmers who got hurt badly
Been after that money for a long time
When the Wisconsin timber industry was threatened, I imposed tariffs on dumped foreign timber and subsidized products, saving many, many timber jobs in your state
If Joe Biden gets in, the radical left will shut down Wisconsin's timber production for environmental reasons
Do you believe that? Oh, boy
It's so sad to see it, and that would happen
But we can't let that happen
We've come too far
We're so good
If that virus hadn't hit us, and it did, and it hit the whole world, but if it hadn't hit us, we would have numbers the likes of which nobody thought were even remotely possible
But it did, and we saved a lot of lives
They keep saying, Oh, they just  By the way, if we had two people die, they would have said he did a terrible job
If we had 100 people die, if we had 1000, no matter what we do
We have trade deals
We announced a trade deal, everybody is saying how great it is
Schumer and Pelosi see it, they have no idea what the deal is, We don't like the deal
Did you look at it? Oh, of course, we looked at it
It doesn't have tariffs
Oh no, it does have tariffs
They know nothing about the deal
Automatically, anything we do, they just take the reverse
But you know what? I'd probably do it to them too, so I can't complain
And perhaps no issue have our opponents more thoroughly betrayed working families of all backgrounds than on the subject of immigration
Under my administration, we've achieved the most secure border in American history
We ended the catch and release
You know what catch and release is? You catch up them, they may be a killer, they may be a criminal at the highest order, you take their name
Then you're supposed to bring them to a court, like Perry Mason, right? But we actually catch them, take their name, release them, say, Come back in about four years for your court case
We ended all this stuff
And you think that was easy? It wasn't easy, let me tell you
It was tough, but we have a really good, secure border
And the president of Mexico has been terrific
We right now have 27,000 soldiers from Mexico guarding our border, free of charge
We stopped asylum fraud, and we've deported 20,000 gang members and over a half a million criminal illegal aliens of the worst kind
We're enforcing the clear requirement that newcomers to our country must be financially self-sufficient and not reliant on welfare
They have to sign a document
We invested $2
5 trillion in the US military, including major contracts to build new warships that helped save the historic shipyard in Marinette
How about that? I was there two months ago
Marinette
That's a great company, but it was having a hard time
And now, they're building, what was that, like $6 billion worth of ships? And their beauties
They've started already, and we worked very hard on that
And we had a lot of help from your congressman on that one, because a lot of people wanted that contract
But we got it for Wisconsin, remember that
We launched the first new branch of the United States Armed Forces in nearly 75 years
That's right, the Space Force
The fact is, and somebody said it on the other side, an opponent said whether you like it or not, Trump actually did more as president than he promised during the campaign
Like Space Force, that's a big deal
Think of it; army, navy, air force, marine
 Think of it, Army, Navy, Air Force, Marines, Coast Guard, right
Think of it
I mean, that's all you heard your whole life, right
The Army, the Navy, the Air Force, the Marines, Coast Guard; and now, we have the Space Force
You know what a big deal, first time in 75 years, it's a new one
Last one was 75 years ago
The Air Force, right
That's a big thing
I never talked about that on the campaign, I never even thought about it
When I became president, I said, We have to do this
Because I saw what Russia was doing, and I saw what China was doing
And, they've created their Space Forces, I said, What are we going to do?, not have it
It's going to end up being maybe your most important or certainly one of your most important because that's where it's at, in terms of defense, in terms of offense
We passed VA choice and VA accountability for our great veterans that we had the other day
Veterans satisfaction, 91 percent, the highest score we've ever received
You haven't noticed, remember years ago, every story, every night, the Nightly News, you'd always have horrible stories about the VA, you don't see it anymore
Now, I don't want to give them any ideas, because they'll search all over the country for a vet who's unhappy
I'm hurting myself by telling this story
This is not a good story
But remember that, every night you'd have these horror stories about the VA
You don't see that anymore
91 percent approval rating
I kept my promise recognized the Capital of Israel and opened the American Embassy in Jerusalem
I recognized Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights and we achieve the first breakthrough in the Middle East peace; and, you saw that two days ago, UAE, Bahrain, Israel, nobody thought it was even possible
I saw John Kerry on television the other day
It is not possible
Then we waited a little while
He went very, very strong, It is not possible
And, it was not only possible, we have many countries that are joining us very soon
We killed the founder and the leader, the vicious leader of ISIS, al-Baghdadi, we killed him
And, we also took out the world's number one terrorist and the mass murder of American troops and many, many troops and many people, all over the world
Qasem Soleimani is dead, he's dead, bad guy, bad guy, very bad guy
We kept America out of new wars and we're bringing our troops back home
No one has been more wrong, more often than sleepy Joe Biden
He voted for the Iraq War, he supported the defense sequester that gutted our military
I took over a military that was totally depleted, like
Hillary Clinton deleted, as opposed to depleted, she depleted them too; but, she deleted 33,000 emails
When is somebody going to pull the spring? Ah, come on fellows
No, that's terrible
33,000 emails
Try going to court sometime on a civil case, and when you go before the judge, he'll say, Did you delete those emails? Did you get rid of those texts? Did you this, Right
And, now they caught Weissmann and all these guys cleaning their phones because they were under investigation, and they cleaned their phones
How many were there? 21, but they were like 33 phones
And yet, look what they do to General Flynn, and some of these people that did nothing
They cleaned their criminals, yeah, that's criminal, it's criminal, they're criminals
They talk and talk and talk, they're criminals
They clean their phone, so you don't have any of the information, but that's a big problem for them, I would imagine
It's a disgrace that they can do it
But, Hillary got rid of She deleted and acid-wash, right
Who acid-washed? Did you ever And, she also used to bang them with a hammer, remember that, we forgot that, right
So, let's see what happens with all of that stuff
I think Bill Barr's doing an excellent job, I have to tell you
And, he's fighting a very bad establishment in Washington
There's some bad apples in that whole deal
But, if you think that Biden opposed the mission to take out of Osama bin Laden, he was against it
He opposed the killing of Soleimani
He oversaw the rise of ISIS, what a mistake
And, he cheered the rise of China as a very positive development for America and the world, I don't think so
I don't think so
It's not been too positive
If it were up to sleepy, Joe Biden, bin Ladin and Soleimani, would be alive
ISIS would still be on the rampage and China would now be the dominant power in the world and there not even close, I will tell you
We have weaponry, the likes of which nobody's seen
2
5 trillion buys you some good stuff, especially when we have the finest scientific minds and military minds in the world
We have weapons, the likes of which nobody's seen, and just hope to God, we never have to use them
I say that, and I say, it's strongly
Hope that we never have to use them
My attitude was that, and I've learned this a long time ago, by having them, we keep ourselves out of war, as opposed to bringing ourselves in war
But, we have built and created weapons, the likes of which this world has never seen before
And, we don't have to talk about it too much, nor do I really want to talk about it
When I ban travel from China, Biden called it hysterical and xenophobic, he said, He's xenophobic
What does that mean? Joe, tell me
Biden also opposed my plan to ban Europe, I saw what was happening in France and Spain and Italy, and highly infected, we banned Europe
If we had insisted and listened to Joe and insisted on doing what so many other people said doing, which is, You don't have to do the ban
Hundreds of thousands of more Americans would have died from the plague
Biden was willing to sacrifice American lives, on the altar of open borders
And now, I hear him talking, he should have followed me
This guy did the swine flu, right, it was a catastrophe
And, the man that headed up the swine flu, I won't use his name because I'd like to have him have a nice evening, because I can't imagine the democrats are thrilled
He said, It was a horrible job, we had no idea what we were doing, it was a disaster
He said, It was a disaster
And now, Biden's telling us how to do what we're doing so well on, what other countries are calling me and congratulating me on the incredible job
And I got sleepy, Joe Biden, trying to tell me how to do it
And, his own man who headed it up, swine flu, it's H1N1 swine flu
Joe called it, N1H1
I keep saying Joe, Joe, it's H1N1, right
I said, It's easier to remember because H comes before N, but he can't do it
And then, you saw what he said the other day under a Harris-Biden administration
That was a disaster
I never said under a Pence Trump administration, he said, Under a Harris-Biden administration
And, what made it worse, is she said the same thing
That was terrible, right
Sean, right
Did you hear that? They are a disaster together
Through our historic relief programs, we saved more than 1 million Wisconsin jobs and 87,000 Wisconsin businesses, that's not too bad
And, Biden would demolish all of those games, and we've done similar things in other states
He would destroy your social security, totally destroy it, and destroy protections for preexisting conditions
They want to go to social medicine, they want to go to social You know that, right
You do know that
They want social healthcare where you don't Remember Obama 28 times, you can keep your doctor, you can keep your plan, that didn't work out too well, right
Why haven't they looked into that one, 28 times
Well, under Medicare for All, but it's basically socialized healthcare, you will never have your doctor, you will never have your plan
You'll have horrible healthcare
You're going to wait long times, long times
And, he wants to wipe out 180 million private healthcare plans that people love, 180 million plans
I don't think so
I don't think he's going to make it
How do you get elected? Let's say you're doing, not only here, let's say Texas, right, he's against oil, he's against God and he's against guns
That's a tough combination in Texas
How does that apply? Now, he's against religion
They won't open these blue states, they will not open your churches
They won't open them
And, I think they have an ulterior motive
One thing they have is, probably everything opens on November 4th, you understand that
And, they better be careful, those paper ballots you talk about, a bad thing, just get out and vote, get out and vote
And, if you have to go that route, make sure they have it counted
And, they know it's trouble
They just had another election today, fellows, where it's a disaster
The votes come in, they have no idea, they can't count them
And, I don't mean they're off by a little bit, they're off by 20 percent, 25 percent
There's fraud
There's missing ballots
They have a woman in New York who is a terrible congresswoman, you know that
Carolyn Maloney
They gave her an election, they can't even find the ballots
And, they gave her a victory, and they cant find that the guy that is against her, who did very well, even though he's even more progressive, I don't even know what she is
I've known her for 25 years
I don't think she's progressive
I think she's whatever she has to be
But this guy, probably or possibly beat her
So, rightfully he's not too happy
And, they called the election for her and they can't find the ballots
Wants to force you to provide free healthcare to illegal aliens, you remember he raised his hand, that will totally drain your wonderful Medicare
Remember the question up there, he's standing up,  Who is willing to give free healthcare to illegal aliens
And, everybody raises their hands like fast
Kamala was right up there
By the way, that will destroy your country, you do know that
Because you can't afford it, and Biden's looking around, Oh, they all raise their hand
He goes, remember
I remember
I said, Well, there it goes, the election for him
He's end our travel bans on jihadist regions and increase refugee admissions by over 700 percent
And, that's the deal he made with Bernie Sanders, opening the flood gates to terror, afflicted nations
But I predict the Sanders people are going to vote for us, like they did the last time
We had a tremendous
Because they love my stance on trade, because I know trade, and I was telling him much more so, than even Bernie
But Bernie, is right on that subject, that other countries, including our so-called allies are ripping us off on trade
Biden opposes, school choice and vowed to ban charter schools
Did you know that? Does everybody like charter schools? Everybody likes choice
In the second term, I will provide school choice to every parent in America
We're all set up to get it done
A vote for republicans is a vote for safe communities, great jobs, and a limitless future for all Americans
It's really a vote for the American dream, instead of letting Washington change us
And, despite all that we've all gone through
We are changing Washington, that's what's been happening
And, just in conclusion, and I hate concluding with you because I like you
I like you
I don't know why the hell I like Wisconsin, but for some reason
You know what helps so, as you know for weeks before the election, she was four up, crooked Hillary, four up, four up, four up, I kept saying, Do you think we're going to win? And I will say, Sean Duffy said, You're going to win
He actually said, Don't worry about it
Right, Sean
I said, Sean do you think we're going to win here? I don't like these polls, but four down
He said, Sir, you're going to win so easy
And, early in the night, they said, Donald Trump has won the state of Wisconsin
And, so when I'm here, speaking in the freezing cold, I'm lucky they had I said, Do you think we have? It's very warm in New York and very warm in Washington, it was hot actually
And I said, Do you think we have a coat on the plane? They said, Yes
I said, What's the temperature? Sir, it's 49 degrees
I said, How about giving me a coat? They have everything on Air Force One, that's the great thing
Got more televisions in any plane in history
They've got televisions in closets, on floors, on ceiling
But, over the next four years, we will make America into the manufacturing superpower of the world
And, we will end our reliance on China once and for all
We'll make our medical supplies right here in the United States, and right here in the great state of Wisconsin
We will rapidly return to full employment, that's happening very fast, soaring economies; and the record prosperity will be even greater than it was, last year
We will hire more police, increase penalties on assaults of law enforcement, surge federal prosecutors into high crime communities
And, we will ban sanctuary cities, which are deadly
We will appoint prosecutors, judges, and justices who believe in enforcing the law, not their own political agenda
We will ensure equal justice for citizens of every race, color, religion, and creed
We will defend the dignity of work and the sanctity of life
We will uphold religious Liberty, free speech and the right to keep and bear Arms
We will strike down terrorists who threaten our citizens, and we will keep America out of endless Foreign Wars
And, you remember with me, they thought because of my personality, they said, He'll be in war the first week
What happened to the war? Remember, we were going to be in war with North Korea
Hillary would have been in war with North Korea
It would have been a nasty one too
But remember, everybody said, I was going to be in war
Everybody said, Oh, maybe I'll do something with social security
And, I did
I saved it and made it stronger
And now, I'm going to make it even stronger
And, they're going to get rid of your social security because everything's going to come collapsing down
You will have a depression
If he gets in, they're going to raise interest rates
They're going to raise your taxes, you will have a depression
The likes of which this country has never seen before
And, your 401k's and your stocks and jobs will go down in flames
I just say it here, hopefully we're never going to experience it, but that's what's going to happen
We will maintain America's unrivaled military might, and we will ensure peace through strength
We will end surprise medical billing, require price transparency, which I've already signed
Further reduced health insurance premiums, or the costs of prescription drugs, which are coming down now
You know, I signed favored nations clauses, their drug companies are not happy with me, I will tell you
They never thought it was possible and rebate clauses
They never thought anybody would do that to them
They made enough money for a long time
It's time, you got a big break
We will strongly protect Medicare and social security
And, we will always protect patients with preexisting conditions, always, you have a pledge
We will land the first woman on the moon and the United States will be the first nation to land an astronaut on Mars
And, NASA is now the hottest space center anywhere in the world
And, when I took over three and a half years ago, there was grass growing in the runways, you know that it was closed down, it was a mess
We are now the hottest in the world
You see what's going up
And, we've got a lot of rich guys sending them up too
I liked that better
I said, Let them do it
Rich guys like rockets, I don't know, they like rocket, boom
I see dollars going right up, but they need a good place to launch
We have the best places
We have the best places, so it's been incredible what we've done with NASA
We will stop the radical indoctrination of our students and restore patriotic education to our schools
We're already there again
We will teach our children to love our country, honor our history and always respect our great American flag
And, we will live by the timeless works of our national motto, In God We Trust
For years, you had a president who apologized for America
Now, you have a president who is standing up for America, and standing up for the State of Wisconsin
So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors, get your coworkers, get everybody and get out and vote, November 3rd
From Milwaukee to Madison, from Oshkosh to La Crosse
From Green Bay, how the Packers doing so far? Good team, good people, to right here in Give me the proper pronunciation
That's right, thank you, that's what I said
We inherit the legacy of generations of Wisconsin Patriots, who gave their blood, sweat, and tears for this beloved nation
We stand on the shoulders of American heroes who crossed the oceans, blazed the trails, settled the continent, tamed a wilderness, dug out the Panama Canal, laid down the railroads, revolutionized industry, won two World Wars, defeated fascism and communism; and made America the single greatest nation in the history of the world
And, you haven't seen anything yet
Proud citizens like you, helped build this country, and together we are taking back our country
We are returning power to you, the American people
With your help, your devotion and your drive, we are going to keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning
We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God
And together, with the incredible people of Wisconsin, we will make America wealthy again
We will make America strong again
We will make America proud again
We will make America safe again, and we will make America great again
Thank you, Wisconsin
Thank you
Thank you

Thank you very much everybody
Thank you
Wow
I will never, ever let you down, that I can tell you
Amazing
And I want to thank Manchester and New Hampshire, they're very special
You remember those primaries? That primary came around and remember what happened during the primary? Trump should come in third or fourth, and we came in easily number one, and that was the beginning
That was an easy one
I want to thank you all
This is incredible and it's great to be back in a state that I love with thousands of hardworking Patriots, who are the heart and soul of America
And that's what you are
We're actually here today to officially launch our campaign to win the great state of New Hampshire in 2020
And I saw some fake polls put out by the fake news media, and it said that I'm tied with three of the other candidates, the Democrats, I'm tied in New Hampshire
I don't think so
One of them has a rally, he's got 100 people
So this holds 12,000 we're full
And we could fill it up four times at least
We could fill it up four times
But I just want to thank you all
I just think it's going to be a tremendous four years
We're going to have a tremendous four years
Can you believe it? We only have a little more than a year to go, where it all started, right? The greatest political movement in the history of our country
And even though we had fake witch hunts on our back and all the other things that we had to go through, we have taken this big beautiful ship, and it's being turned around very quickly
Three years ago, we campaigned across the country on a pledge to make America great again
And that's exactly what we've done
I think we can honestly say it's the greatest slogan in the history of politics in America
Make America great again
So if you don't mind, the other candidates go, they spend millions and millions of dollars on this question that I'm going to ask you
They spend millions
You remember the first slogan from our opponent? That's right, neither do I
Neither does anybody
Nobody remembers
The only thing I remember is the first night I went out after I heard it and I said, see, it's all about her
And they immediately changed it after spending like a million dollars
It's all about her
That didn't work out too well
That slogan wasn't too good
So we have to do this
We have to make a decision
Do you give up the greatest slogan in the history of politics in our country? Make America great again, right? Do we give up make America great again for a new slogan, because look, our country is doing great
We are doing very well with China despite the fact that they want to have you believe in the contrary
All you have to do is say China, how you doing? They're not too happy, they're not too happy
They're losing millions of jobs
The tariffs are working, and they're eating the tariffs by the way
There's no price increase
You know, you gotta talk to these people
The fake news
But do we give up? And by the way, the biggest beneficiary, you know who have been great? Our great farmers have been so incredible because they've been targeted by China, and frankly they've been targeted for a long time, including by incompetent politicians that have run this country for a long time
So we're making up for a lot of lost ground
But do we give up make America great for keep America great? Keep America great
Okay, you ready? Ready? I love this because it's free
And we have all the time in the world, right? Is there anything better than a Trump rally? What about a sleepy Joe Biden rally? Well, he's made some beauties
I sort of hope it's him
I don't mind any of them
You got Pocahontas is rising
We got Kamala
Kamala is falling
You got Beto
Beto is like gone
All right, we'll see what happens
Whoever it is, I don't know that it matters, but whoever it is different, different people
But I don't know, I think sleepy Joe may be able to limp across the finish line
But today they announced that they're going to cut way back on his appearances because he is such a disaster, they're going to have fewer appearances
You've heard that, right? They're going to cut way back on his appearances
Can you believe it? If I ever did that, it would be over
The fake news would get us, but we don't let them get us and it is fake
And today the deputy editor of the New York times was demoted
Isn't that beautiful? All the news that is not fit to print
All the news, the fake failing New York Times
It's really we, it's not me
We're doing it together
They came from the Hills, they came from the mountains, from the rivers, they came from all over the place
And they showed up and they voted like nobody's seen before
And it was 306 to 223, remember? 306
And we won Wisconsin and they said, Oh, we never thought of that
Got to think about those things
And we won Michigan
And now we have a lot of car companies coming into Michigan, and we have a lot of great farming events happening, really big in Wisconsin
And we have incredible things going on in Pennsylvania
We just opened up a $10 billion plant
We have many of them going up
Many of them, a lot of jobs
In Louisiana, an LNG plant $10 billion
Could never have happened, could never have happened
Pennsylvania would have never happened
They wouldn't have allowed him to frack
So they would've never been able to build it
But what a place that is, it will be open in a little more than a year, but I have to make a decision
It's a big decision
Do we give up the greatest theme, phrase, logo, whatever you want to call it, in the history of politics, risky, for a brand new one because make America great again
We're really sort of there, and we have a little time left
And now we have a group of socialists or communists, could be
They're not far away
The fake news will hit me on that
How dare he say that? But they're not far away, right? They're not far away
95%
Does anybody want to pay 95% taxes? I don't think so
But I'm not going to go into their plan because as far as I'm concerned, the green new deal is a beautiful thing
No, it's a beautiful thing
We want it to continue onward until about a month before the election
I will let them have it like you've never heard before
I don't want it to change
Too early
It's like Elizabeth Warren
I did the Pocahontas thing
I hit her really hard, and it looked like she was down and out, but that was too long ago
I should've waited
But don't worry
We will revive it
It can be revived
It can be rewritten, right? It will be revived and it can be revived very easily and very quickly
And we're going to have some fun in the state of New Hampshire
Now what do we do, ready? Let me have first make America great again, then keep America great, right? Just applaud like crazy for the one you want to use for this campaign
And there's a possibility we'll use both
There's a possibility we'll use both 'cause I hate like hell to give up the one
Is it a possibility we'll use both? Maybe one a little bit less
Are you ready? So we'll start make America great again, and then keep America
Are you ready? Who's in favor of the campaign theme being make America great again? Who's in favor of our theme being keep America great? Oh, wait a minute
This is your hat
I was going to keep it actually
Thank you
So that's really been the reaction
I've done this before
Big crowds, and it really is keep America great because we have these socialists want to take it away from us
They want to take it away
Because until a couple of days ago, and that'll catch up very quickly, we have no choice
By the way, I never said China was going to be easy, but it's not tough and they want to make a deal
We just spoke to them yesterday
They want to make a deal
They want to make a deal
They have to make a deal
And you know what? It'd be wonderful to make a deal
I don't think we're ready to make a deal
We're taking in billions of dollars in tariffs
And again, China's devaluing their currency
They're pouring out money, the prices haven't gone up
So that means we're taking in billions of dollars
We're not paying for it
And ultimately their devaluations are going to hurt them very badly
They want to make a deal, and they should want to make a deal
But when you listen to the fake news, look at how many there are
I mean, I actually had something today
I had something today
Are we sure that we're in New Hampshire? You know, you have a reputation
I mean, I know it's not true 'cause I know you too well
You have a reputation of being very stayed, very, very elegant, stayed, incredible people
You're not acting it tonight, and that's good
That's a good thing
Wow
We love our country
We have enthusiasm for our country
That's what it is
Before the election, our factories were closing
Hey, who knows it better than you? You're like central casting for the closing of factories
Our jobs were vanishing
Our military was totally depleted
When I took over, our military was sad
We weren't flying half of our planes, they were old
They were tired
Our equipment was tired
Our people weren't tired, though
Our people weren't tired
But everything we had, it was depleted
Now we've rebuilt our military like never before
And all made in the USA, just so you know
And our nation was weakened at home and disrespected abroad
They don't disrespect us anymore, folks
I got NATO to pay an extra hundred billion dollars
They weren't paying
They were delinquent
Many nations were, except for seven
Many nations weren't paying what they were supposed to be paying, so we're supposed to protect them
They kill us on trade
They have all sorts of barriers and everything else
The taxes are really unfair
The tariffs were ridiculous, what they do to us in Europe
And then we protect them
Then they don't pay, and I say, I'm sorry folks, you have to pay
You have to pay
They were delinquent, they were delinquent
And my biggest fan is secretary General Stoltenberg from NATO
He said until president Trump came along, we were going, boom
They would've been finished very quickly, but I'm tired of paying for other nations anyway, I have to be honest with you
Today, our nation is stronger than ever before
We're now stronger than ever before
You saw we ended the Iran disaster
How about that? We paid them a $150 billion
$1
8 billion in cash
Cash, cash, cash
We got nothing
And they also want to make a deal
China wants to make a deal, and I will tell you Iran wants to make a deal because the sanctions are not good for them
They are not happy
So we'll see how it all turns out
But it's in good hands
It's in good hands
The United States right now has the hottest economy anywhere in the world
We're rebuilding that awesome might that we were just talking about
Our United States armed forces
America is working again
America is winning again, and America is respected again, respected like never before
They respect us again, and you see it
You know, a recent poll came out where it showed that president Obama was more popular in Germany and other places than I am
And I said, of course he's more popular
He's not demanding that they pay for their protection that we provide
He's not doing that
I'm doing that
And in fact, if I was the most popular, I'm not doing my job right
So true
We've created over six million new jobs since the election
If I would have said that during the campaign, those people back there would have been headlines, headlines
More than seven million Americans have been lifted off of food stamps
Since my election, the number of new businesses starting in the great state of New Hampshire has skyrocketed by almost 25%
And you can't really go by my election
You gotta go by November 9th because the markets have gone through the roof since November 9th
That's the day after I won the election
So I won the election
The markets went up thousands of points
Things started happening
You started doing things that you would've never
Even though I didn't get sworn in until January 20th, but they refused to do that
And let me tell you, if for some reason I wouldn't have won the election, these markets would have crashed
That'll happen even more so in 2020
See the bottom line is I know you like me and this room is a love fest, I know that
But you have no choice but to vote for me because your 401ks down the tubes
Everything's going to be down the tubes, so whether you love me or hate me, you got to vote for me
I had a businessman the other day, one of the most successful guys in the country
I've never liked him, never liked him
He never liked me, I never liked him
I see him in the white house
I said, What are you doing here? He said, I'm working to make sure you get elected
I said, You've got to be kidding
You don't like me
I don't like you
What the hell is this all about? He said, That's right
We've had our differences
I haven't liked you, but to be honest with you, Mr
President, I have no choice
I said, You're right
You're right
First thing I've ever heard him say that I agreed with, he's got no choice
He got no choice
Unemployment in New Hampshire has reached the lowest rate in actually 31 years
But within a very short period of time, it will be the lowest rate in the history of our country
Think of that
You have the best unemployment, you have the most successful state in the history of your state, and in the history of our country
And then you're going to vote for somebody else? Oh, great
Let's vote for Elizabeth Pocahontas Warren
We have the best numbers we've ever had
Let's vote for somebody else
I don't think that's going to happen, folks
I don't think that's going to happen
Only with fixed poles does that happen? Unemployment for African Americans
You've heard me say this many times, and I'm very proud of it
Hispanic Americans and Asian Americans have all reached their lowest rates ever recorded in the history of our county
Wages are rising quickly
Remember when I used to say people have been working two and three jobs making less money than they made 21 years ago? I used to say it all the time
Now I can say for the first time in 20 years, wages are rising, and you know who's the biggest beneficiary? Blue collar workers
My administration is fighting to expand opportunity for citizens of every background and every race, religion, color, and creed
Very important
Because we are all Americans
We all share the same home
We all share the same heart
We all share the same dreams
We are all children of the same Almighty God
But at the very moment when our country should be coming together to enjoy these wonderful blessings, the radical Democrats are trying to tear America apart
They vilify anyone who doesn't share their extreme views
They slander our law enforcement heroes
You see what they're doing with our police that we love
You see what they're doing
Has anyone ever seen anything like the water being thrown on New York's finest? Have you ever seen? And I know a lot of New York's finest
They're not happy, they're not happy
And they are great people
These are great, great, proud people
For that to be allowed to happen is a disgrace
They view everybody as fascist and Nazis
They used the term Nazi
This was a term, you couldn't even use it
Now they use it like on a regular basis
Nazi
He's a Nazi
Think of that
He's a Nazi
You couldn't use it
Now they use it
They accuse our heroic border agents of running concentration camps, and they do an incredible job
And the Democrats don't want to fix the loopholes or asylum
They do an incredible job, our border agents
And they looked down upon the hardworking citizens who truly make our country run
But while the Democrats rage and resist  That guy's got a serious weight problem
Go home, start exercising
Get him out of here please
You got a bigger problem than I do
Got a bigger problem than all of us
Now he goes home and his mom says, What the hell have you just done? We are continuing our incredible movement, the greatest political movement in the history of our country
There's never been a movement like this
Never
Our movement is built on love, and it is, and we love our family
We love our faith
We love our flag, and we love our freedom, and that's what it's about
And add to that the fact that we love our neighbors and we love our-  the fact that we love our neighbors and we love our country
Together we are all united by one fundamental principal
A nation's first duty must always be to its own citizens, it's own
We've got to take care of our own
You haven't heard that from a politician or a political leader in a long time
It's called America First
It's America First
We're thrilled to be joined tonight by many tremendous Republican leaders and great friends of mine, a man who's doing an incredible job as your governor, because I want to take 100% of the credit for the incredible turnaround of New Hampshire, and I remember it not so long ago, things were not looking good
People were leaving, a lot of bad things were happening, but we have to give him a lot of credit
He's been a great governor, Chris Sununu, with a great father too, great father
With a great father His father was tough
Chris, your father was so tough
He was for somebody else in the primaries, and then one by one I won here, I won there, I won there
And then when I won his father got on and I said, Oh, this guy kills me
He's so tough, and he said, President Trump will be the greatest of all time
I said, What happened? What happened? He went from being the toughest critic to the best there is
So I want to say hello to your father, okay Chris? You'll tell him
Great guy
What a family
What a family
Thank you for Chris
New Hampshire Senate Republican leader, Chuck Morse
Chuck
Thanks, Chuck
New Hampshire House Republican leader, Dick Hinch
Thank you, Dick
Thank you, Dick
Great job
A man who was with me right from the beginning
In fact, he had a meeting at his house
His house has never been the same
His house is a disaster now
Like somebody said he just sold it
But you know what? Because of the Trump economy, I'll bet he sold it for a big, big, fat, beautiful profit
Where is Steve? Steve Stepanek and his wife, who's incredible
Did you make a lot of money on the house? We destroyed the house
This was the beginning
He held some kind of a meeting for me, and he has a nice house, but literally hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of people showed up and they destroyed his house
It's never been the same
No wonder you sold it
They finally gave up, and that was four years ago
Anyway, thank you very much both for being here
I appreciate it
What great people
Thank you, Steve
Great job
And I hope the buyer of his house didn't hear that little Steve
I hope the buyer didn't hear what I just said about your house
He'll cancel That's all right
You'll sell it for more to somebody else, don't worry
Republican party chair, Ronna McDaniel
You know, Ronna headed up Michigan, and for many, many years nobody won Michigan as a Republican
But I used to complain, I'd go there and I'd say They're stealing your car business
I'd go for years
In fact, five or six years before I even thought about running, for whatever reason, they named me Man of the Year in Michigan
I said, How come? I didn't even understand it myself, but I was named Man of the Year
I wasn't even political
That was years before I did this
But I was always complaining that our car business is being stolen
I mean, it's sort of obvious, right? Mexico now has 32% of our car business
It all left the state of Michigan
We are bringing it back at a level that nobody's ever seen before, our car business
But I went to Michigan and my opponent was told that the Republicans, no way you can win Michigan, or Wisconsin, that you just can't
And we had a campaign manager named Ronna McDaniel, and Ronna wouldn't stop
Sir, can you be here next week? I say, I don't know
Then I leave and she said, Sir, can you come back in three days? I said, I don't know
Then I do it and she said, How about another time? And then on election night she said, Sir, it was six o'clock the day before the election
In other words, just a short while before the election
She calls me, Sir, can you be here tonight? I said Tonight? And by the way, you know where I was? I was in New Hampshire
That's right
She said, Sir, can you be here tonight? I said, Are you sure? I started speaking at one o'clock in the morning
Now it's election day
We had 32,000 people show up
It was like this
The crowd was just, they want to see things happen in our country
They love our country
It went crazy
I left and I said, I don't know why going to lose Michigan
Why would we lose Michigan? Look at this
The opponent went there with Barack Obama and Michelle Obama and she went there much earlier
Prime time, one o'clock, two o'clock in the morning is not exactly prime time
We had 32,000 and they had a tiny little crowd, and I looked at my people and I said, I know we're not supposed to win the great state of Michigan, but I think we're going to win Michigan and we won Michigan and we won Wisconsin
We won Wisconsin
Wisconsin was a great victory, and we won Pennsylvania, and we won North Carolina and South Carolina, and we won Florida, and I hate to tell you we should've won New Hampshire
That was taken away
New Hampshire was taken away
It was taken away from us, but we should've
We did great in New Hampshire
We should've won New Hampshire, but that's okay
I'm not holding it against you because it was not your fault
But we had a woman in Michigan and I said, When it came time to choosing the head of the Republican National Committee, I said, Who the hell is that woman up in Michigan that got me to keep coming there and explaining that we can't continue to lose our car business? We have 17 companies now coming back in
Who is that woman? And it was Ronna
We put her in charge of the Republican National Committee
The job that she has done is incredible
Thank you
The same with another man, our campaign manager
He started off as a computer genius, and remember when they used to say that the Hillary Clinton campaign is highly sophisticated, highly She did a lot of bad things folks
33,000 emails deleted after getting a subpoena from the United States Congress, 33,000
Remember she said it was about her daughter's wedding and yoga classes, 33,000, yes
it was disgraceful
I will tell you this, we now have a great attorney general
A fair guy, a great gentleman
Another man who's here tonight is the world's tallest campaign manager
He is an unbelievable talent
But they were saying about our opponents I'm not going to mention the name again because we'll never get it finished here, so I'll just say my opponent
Is that better? They were saying how sophisticated her campaign was
Except ours was far more sophisticated, and we had a man that did an incredible job
He's now our campaign manager and he's one of the tallest human beings I've ever seen
His name is Brad Parscale and he is fantastic
It's nice when you don't have to look for anybody
You just look over and you see a guy who's twice as tall as everyone
Great job, Brad
Thank you
How we doing, Brad? Good
Doing good
Got great poll numbers
We've got great poll numbers in a lot of states, Ohio, Iowa
You know Iowa, every week that they campaign our numbers go up
They're winning Iowa
We gave them ethanol, which is very important
A lot of things for Iowa, but every week we seem to be going up in Iowa because they're campaigning in Iowa
Wherever they go, our numbers go up
Somebody's going to have to explain that one to me someday, but we like it
A man who's a friend of mine who was the greatest mayor in the history of New York City
Stand up, Rudy
Stand up, Rudy
Rudy Giuliani
Man, he did a job in the first year
I've never seen anything like it
New York was crime infested
We had problems
We had problems like nobody would believe
Rudy went in there and he did the job and people loved him for it
It wasn't like, Oh gee, he's a horrible person
People loved Rudy Giuliani
He was a great, great mayor
So thank you, Rudy, for being here
The first person that I put on on the campaign, he was driving me wild
He said, I'm saying you can win, sir
You can win
I'm telling you, you can win
He loves this state
He's from this state
He said, You can win, sir
I'm just telling you
I had him on for month after month
He'd come drive me crazy
He'd say, You can win, you can win, you can win
And finally we said, Let's give it a shot
And I had Corey, I had Hope, I had just a couple of people
We had a rather lean and mean staff
But Corey Lewandowski loves your state, loves New Hampshire
He was the first one that talked about us possibly winning the whole big ballgame
He's tough and he's smart and I'm hearing he's thinking about running for the Senate from New Hampshire
There we go
I think he'd be tough to beat
I'll tell you one thing, he'll go into Washington and he's going to have you in mind
He's going to do a job if he does do it, so we'll see what happens
He hasn't made up his mind yet, but he would be fantastic
I guess it's something you go back and you talk to your family, you talk to your wife and you make a decision
They're all saying, Are you going to support him? I said, I don't know if he's running
So Corey, let us know please, if you don't mind
Let us know
Our shared Republican agenda is pro worker, pro jobs, pro family, pro growth, and 100% pro American
For decades and decades the permanent politicians in Washington pursued the very opposite
They sold out our workers
You see it
You know it better than any place
When I talk about the horrors of NAFTA, the horrors of trade deals I mean, I'm sorry to tell you this, I usually refer to New Hampshire
Nobody took it worse than new England and nobody took it worse than New Hampshire
Now, here's the good news
I would never let that happen again and Chris will never let that happen again
Is there a doctor, please? Doctor in the house? Thank you
Doctor in the house
Please, doctor, please
Thank you very much
Take your time
Yeah, take your time
Thank you
Take your time, fellas
Plenty of time
You know, people got here two and a half days ago, many of these people in the front, right? Two and a half days ago, a lot of these people, so you can understand
It's pretty tough
Thank you
Thank you
That's okay
These are great people
These are great people that love our country, just remember that
Thank you very much
Thank you
Thank you very much
Pretty good
Pretty good
So our politicians shipped away our jobs, shed our sovereignty, surrendered our dignity, and saddled our nation in one foreign debacle after another, and we're still here
He just said it
We're still here, you better believe it, and we're here stronger than ever before we're here
But all of that ended the day that I took the oath of office, the American people are in charge of their country again
We cut a record number of job-killing regulations that were strangling our country
We cut more regulations in two and a half years than any other president in their full terms
Four years, eight years, or in one case more than that, cut more than anybody
To get relief to working families we passed the largest package of tax cuts and tax reforms in the history of our country
You're making a lot more money
You're making a lot more money and you see it and you know it because you see it in your paycheck every week
We ended the last administration's cruel war on American energy and we are delivering a policy of American energy independence like you've never seen before
In fact, if you look at the straits where we're having all of the problems, you look at the straits, number one, they're not touching our ships, they're not playing with our ships
They're taking them from this country, from that country, from that country
But you know what? Very importantly, we have very few ships going there anymore because we don't need that oil and gas
The United States is now the number one producer of oil and natural gas anywhere in the world
Every leading Democrat has pledged abolish the American oil, coal, and natural gas industries that are fueling our economic boom
Can you imagine this? We're sitting on great wealth
They want to take it away from us, and the alternatives don't have the power
They don't have the power
They want wind, wind
Wind is oh so beautiful, as long as you don't have to stare at a windmill and your house goes down in value like to nothing
Steve, if you had a windmill anywhere near your house you would've gotten one third of the price you got, Steve
That's true, by the way
Steve's too smart to let that happen
We won't let them take it away from you
We are reversing decades of calamitous trade policies that shattered New Hampshire and your factories
They shattered your communities and they shattered American power and American prestige all around the globe
New Hampshire lost one in four manufacturing jobs following NAFTA and China's entrance into the Organization, two of the worst deals ever in the history of our world, not just our country
Election after election, politicians came to your state pretending to have the courage to stand up for the American worker, then they went to Washington and let other countries push them around, and special interests, buy them off and steal your jobs and take your companies
That's what happened
Me, I don't care about their campaign contributions
It doesn't matter to me, folks
We want to do a job
We want to do a great job, and we're setting records, and you know who's sending us the money? The small donors
Well, we have big donors, but we have small donors are sending us the money for the election
Pretty amazing
That's not supposed to happen to a Republican, but it's happening to this Republican and it's happening to you
Every vow that politicians made was broken, every hope was dashed, and every promise turned into a total betrayal of New Hampshire and of our country
But in this administration, we have something those sell-out politicians could only dream of
It's called strength and commitment
We don't play games
We don't play games
After years and years of building up other countries we are finally building up our country, standing up for our jobs, our workers, and standing up for our dignity
The forgotten men and women of America will never ever be forgotten again
You were forgotten
The last administration with sleepy Joe and Obama tried to ram through one of the worst trade deals ever negotiated, worse than NAFTA, worse than WTO
It was called the Trans-Pacific Partnership
It would have been a disaster
TPP would have gutted the American auto industry
It would have been in shambles
Our auto industry is coming back so strong
It would've gutted, would've destroyed the industry
But in my first week in office I proudly withdrew the United States from that job-destroying catastrophe
We're imposing beautiful well-placed tariffs, money comes in, on foreign countries that cheat our workers, steal our jobs, and break all the rules, I'm sorry
And by the way, they've been changing and charging tariffs on us for years
We have countries that charge us 100%, 200%, 297% in the case of Canada with your farm products
We're not going to stand for it, and man, did we turn things around and we've just started
If companies don't want to pay a tariff, I have one simple solution
Come make your product in America
Come make your product in New Hampshire
Zero tariffs
Zero
No tariff
Together we're restoring this nation's industrial might and we are doing it with American iron, American aluminum, and American steel
We're doing it steel
Steel industry is high
They were dumping steel all over
They were destroying our companies
US steel now, all of them, they're all expanding
the steel industry is back
It's doing great
We're opening up mines in Minnesota, the great state of Minnesota
They have magnificent mines that have the best iron ore in the world and President Obama closed them down
Maybe we can get Representative Omar from Minnesota to open it up, but I don't think so
She'll open them up
I don't think so
Representative Omar, that's another one
We're replacing NAFTA with the brand new USMCA
That's Mexico and Canada
Great deal
The USMCA will create countless jobs for farmers and manufacturers all across the state
We need Congress to pass the USMCA immediately
We'll make it a bipartisan deal
We don't even want credit
The unions benefit
The non-unions benefit
Everybody benefits
It brings it back to fairness and it makes it very hard for our companies to leave our countries, go to Mexico or Canada
We lose all our jobs
We lose all our taxes
We end up with empty factories and plants
It makes it almost impossible
We're not going to have that
That was my one rule that I had to have
It's going to be very, very hard for companies to do that
I've also taken the toughest ever action to stand up to China's chronic trade abuses
Earlier this month, the US government officially labeled China for the first time ever a currency manipulator, another promise kept
While others allowed China to freely loot the US economy, $500 billion a year, not million, not million, billion with a B
We've made it clear that the theft of American jobs and American wealth is over
Yet today, the Wall Street Journal editorial board and some others continue to publish foolish articles that demonstrate that they understand nothing about trade or business
Nothing
They advocate only economic surrender
They actually say, Go to China, take off the tariffs, make a deal
I lose all the cards we take off the tariffs
We don't have any cards
Think of it
They say Go to Europe

By the way, the European union is worse than China, just smaller
It treats us horribly
Barriers, tariffs, taxes, and we let them come in
It's worse than China
Many of us come from there
I do
That's what it's got going
That's about it
They treat us really badly, and many others, many, many others
India tariffs us probably higher than any nation anywhere in the world
We have tariffs of 100% on products and much more than that
India
So we're working on all of them
I called Prime Minister Modi
I said, Mr
Prime Minister, it's not fair
We've got to change, we've got to change, we've got to change, and we're talking to them very seriously
We're talking to a lot of places
But when the Wall Street Journal comes out and they say,  No, no, take the tariffs
Go and talk to China
They've been trying to talk to them for 25 years
But actually, you know what? They really haven't
The fact is the leaders that were in my position, they didn't do a damn thing
They didn't talk
They didn't talk
Past leaders followed the terrible advice of these editorial boards that are frankly totally inexperienced in business, I guess, and our industries were utterly decimated
Globalism enriches foreign countries at our expense
Globalism
I love our country
I'm the President of the United States of America
I'm not the president of the the world
As long as I'm president, America will never bow to a foreign nation like we were for so many years
As we restore our prosperity, we are also restoring public safety
We are fighting to reduce violent crime
You see so much, and over the last 25 years so much crime, and ensure that every American can live in safety and peace
And yet with all that you see, we've had one of the best years of crime prevention that we've ever had
It wouldn't seem that way, but it is one of the best years because those gentlemen that we just saw, the law enforcement, they do a great job
You've been reading about this a lot lately
We are working very hard to make sure we keep guns out of the hands of insane people and those who are mentally sick and shouldn't have guns
But people have to remember, however, that there is a mental illness problem that has to be dealt with
It's not the gun that pulls the trigger
It's the person holding the gun
Years ago, many cities and states, I remember it so well, closed mental institutions for budgetary reasons
They let those people out onto the street
You probably have your examples up here
I can tell you in New York they closed so many of them and they let really seriously mentally ill people out on the streets, and you see plenty of them today, even today
We're going to have to give major consideration to building new facilities for those in need
We have to do it
And at the same time, we will be taking mentally deranged and dangerous people off of  Mentally deranged and dangerous people off of the streets so we won't have to worry so much about that
The big problem
We don't have those institutions anymore and people can't get proper care
They're seriously ill people and they're on the streets
We can't make it harder for good, solid law abiding citizens to protect themselves
We will always uphold the right to self defense and we will always uphold the second amendment
We will
So important
One of the most powerful promises I made to the people of this state was to confront the opioid and drug epidemic
I used to go around New Hampshire more than any state and you'd say, Sir, the state is infested
You said, Sir, we'll like a drug den
You tell me
And I didn't really see it
And then I met with the police officers and fire departments and all the people that do
And you just seem to have a bigger problem
And by the way, the wall is being built
That's- That's going to stop a lot of it
The wall is being built
Build the wall
Build the wall
Build the wall
Build the wall
Build the wall
Build the wall
Build the wall
It's being built
You know, we have the fake news
You know about that, where they  A wall that's lying on the ground in a very important section
So we pick up the wall, it's in pieces
I mean literally it's gone and we build a brand new 30 foot steel and concrete wall and the fake media said, He didn't build a wall
That's just renovation
There was no wall, it's lying on the ground
People walk right over and it's rotted, rusted, gone
We take it away
We put a brand new wall up
They give me no credit
You know why? Because they're fake news
That's why
We're building a lot of walls
The Army Corps of Engineers is doing a great job
They're doing a great job
Since I took office, we've attacked the challenge with everything we have
We have secured a record $6 billion in new funding
Opioid
We vastly increase the distribution of overdose reversing drugs, which are pretty amazing things
We've given them to your police department, your fire department, pretty amazing
We have reduced the total amount of opioids prescribed by 34%
The department of justice has prosecuted more than 3000 defendants in opioids related cases
And our public awareness campaign about the terrible suffering that drugs inflict has already reached 58% of all young Americans
I said that you have to show them
We're doing ads beautiful ads
Shows them, and you've seen them
I don't even want to describe them
They're brutal
But we're doing ads on television and papers about how bad it is for children so they can see it
Because the greatest thing we can do is not get people started on drugs, right
Not get them started
It's hard to get off
You know, we can get them off and we're doing it and it's been done
But it's hard to get off
If they never start
It's real easy
It's real easy
So we're trying to get young kids, you won't see the fruits of this labor for a little while because it takes a while
But we're really, we are working so hard on advertising and promotions to tell young kids, children how bad drugs are, how dangerous they are, how horrible they are, how they destroy your brain, how they do so many bad things
And they're really very tough ads
They're hard hitting ads
And I think they're having a big impact
You'll see over time you'll see
Over time you'll see
But we still have much work to do
But as a result of these efforts, last year we saw the first nationwide decline in drug overdose deaths in 31 years
That's pretty amazing
And at the center of America's drug crisis is the border crisis
Vast quantities of deadly narcotics are being smuggled across the border including meth, cocaine, heroin and fentanyl
And as part of my trade deal with China, it's been very important
And President Xi said he's going to do it
So far he has not done it
But I said, You have to stop sending us fentanyl
Have to
And you have to criminalize in China the making of fentanyl
And so far he has not come through, but I think he will
You'll know, you'll know
Yet Democrats want to open borders and Republicans want strong borders
That you're difference
One wants open borders
Who can even think of an open border? Think of it? Even though many people that come into our country are wonderful people, they're are still coming in illegally
They're not coming in through merit
But what about the bad ones? We have serious, serious criminals that want to come in, and if we had open borders they would be flowing in like you've never seen before
Democrats want open borders, they don't mind crime
We do mind crime and that's the way it is
Democrats also support deadly sanctuary cities
Last year alone sanctuary cities declined more than 17,000 requests from federal authorities to hand over criminal aliens already in their custody
In other words, 17,000 criminal aliens were released by these cities directly into US communities
You don't understand even what the hell are they doing? What are they doing? 17,000
Republicans believe our city should be sanctuaries for law abiding Americans, not for criminal aliens
We will always support the amazing heroes of ICE and Border Patrol, and we will always support law enforcement
Every Democrat candidate also wants to give illegal immigrants free welfare
Republicans believe public benefits should be protected for truly needy Americans, not for illegal aliens
And we should reduce our taxes and many other things with all of that money that we're talking about
We need to elect a strong Republican majority to end sanctuary cities
Stop human traffickers, stop drug smugglers and adopt an immigration system that puts the needs of American workers and families first
It's also time for Democrats to join with us to protect the sacred integrity of our elections by supporting voter ID, voter identification
It's incredible
They're constantly saying, Oh, we need to protect them
But they're not looking for that
They're not looking for that
We say, What about voter ID? In other words, you have a picture, you have to go up
What about voter ID? That they don't want to do, but we need voter ID
The Democrat party has never been farther outside the mainstream
Where do they come from? You know, you say you want low taxes, good education, strong military, strong borders
You want to have safe homes
You want a house, you want low interest rates, you've got low  Hey, you got low interest rates
The lowest ever
Got low rates, it's a good time to refinance your house, by the way
Great time
You got everything, and then you see these people they're against  They have no idea what they're doing
They have no idea what they're against
Every major Democrat running for president supports a massive government takeover of healthcare that would raid Medicare and destroy the private health insurance plans of millions of American families that they love
My administration is defending your right to choose the plan and the doctor that is best for you
The individual mandate is gone
The most unpopular part of Obamacare, and we almost have Obamacare gone
We're close
We would have had it before, but we had a vote that was a little bit surprising
I'm sure none of you knew who that vote was
We had it done, repealed and replaced
But it's going to happen and I think it's going to actually be in the end, actually better
You watch
So we got rid of the individual mandate, which was the most unpopular part of Obamacare
And we're running it better
You know, I had a political decision
Do I make it great? Alex Azar our secretary, do rerun it well and sort of say, Hey, we run it well
Or do we run it badly and have everybody upset? We said, we got to run it well, but it's still much too expensive
It's lousy healthcare
But we got rid of the worst part of it
Individual mandate, individual mandate, where you have the privilege of buying the right not to have to pay for expensive insurance
that's no good health insurance
And we won't  And you got to remember this
Republicans, and I speak for every one of them, we will always protect pre-existing conditions
We're going to protect, always
Right, got to do it
Our ambitious campaign to reduce the price of prescription drugs has produced the largest decline in drug prices in 51 years
The only decline in 51 years
We have launched a historic initiative to require price transparency, empowering you to choose the lowest price for yourself and for your family
Believe it or not, you didn't have the right to go in and price your drugs
Who could even believe this? I wonder if big pharma had something to do with that
So we're going to have transparency
Virtually every top Democrat also now supports late term abortion, ripping babies straight from the mothers womb
Right up, up till  Right up until the moment of birth
And in the case of the Virginia governor, he's having a rough, rough time
In his case, the baby is born, and then he goes to talk to the mother
The doctor talks to the mother
The baby is now born, wrapped as he said, and then they decide whether or not to execute the baby
Who would believe that
That is why I've asked Congress to prohibit extreme late term abortion because Republicans believe that every child is a sacred, the gift of God
Hard to believe isn't that
Democrats are now the party of high taxes, high crime, open borders, late term abortion and socialism
The Republican party is the party of freedom
We are the party of the American worker, the American family, and the American dream and I'm fighting for you each and every day
So importantly we have confirmed more than 140 federal judges
Within 90 days it will be 179 federal judges
Thank you very much President Obama
Thank you very much
I don't know what happened to them, but I came to office and I had 138 judges that were not appointed by President Obama
So I say, thank you Mr
President, very good and they'll say he was a great president
Oh, the fake news
He was a great president
If he was a great president how come he left me 138 judges to appoint when everybody says that's the single most important thing a president of the United States has to do
Great president
He was great
He was a great president
And these judges will apply the law as written, including we appointed two great Supreme Court Justices, Neil Gorsuch and Brett Kavanaugh
And to help patients with life threatening illnesses we also pass something I'm so proud of, 44 years they couldn't get it passed, right to try
You can use our newest, our best medicines
Incredible
What's happening
I'm so proud of that
And this from forever, five decades
We pass for our great veterans VA choice and VA accountability
And one of our great friends was a veteran who's been with me in New Hampshire
I don't know where you are
Where's our guy? Where is he? So, Al
So, I walk in I said, hello
He's been with me from the beginning
He wasn't with  He liked Trump
And I came in
He said, sir, he's a great veteran
He said, Sir, I have cancer
And sir, I went into the vet
They were very, very late
They had problems
I'm not blaming them, but they gave me the right to go out and get a great cancer surgeon
He had his operation
You look much better than you did three years ago Al, much better
Much better
VA choice, right Al
VA choice
Great story
Thank you very much, and thank you for your loyalty
He's been to every rally I ever gave a New Hampshire right from the beginning
I got so tired of looking at him
He'd always be here
Now he's  Look at him, now he's sitting in very good
That's good
But I appreciate that story
I appreciate
VA choice just makes sense, right? Doesn't it make sense? We've achieved record funding for the United States military
$716 billion, $700 billion and $738 billion
And it's almost completely rebuilt
Including, and we hope to God we never have do use it
We have the finest, most powerful nuclear capability anywhere on the face of the earth
And I hope to God we never have to use it
We're investing in the future of human space flight
And someday soon American astronauts will plant the stars and stripes on the surface of Mars
I told my guys at NASA, you know, NASA, when we took it over, it was exhausted
The runways and the grounds had all weeds growing through the cracks in the concrete
You wouldn't recognize it now
It's beautiful
It's the best place anywhere on earth
And I also said, though, you know, I hear all these rich guys for some reason, they love space
So they're rich
I said, let them send the rockets up
What the hell do we have to do it? Right? So I see Jeff Bezos and Elon Musk, they're putting rockets up
I think it's great
And they pay us rent
They use our facility
That's great
But we're also doing it, and NASA has some of the greatest plans we've ever had
These are great people, great scientists
But we also let the private sector put up rockets
The one which recently went up and you see the engines coming back down and they coming  There's no wings, no nothing
It's almost like, what are we watching is this fiction? And they come down and they save all of the propellants
All of the, really the most expensive parts
They're able to save it by bringing it back right to where it took off
Who would think they could do this? I never saw this before six months ago, but they're doing it now more and more
They're saving a lot of the most important and expensive parts of rockets
So we have a lot of rich guys paying us a lot of rent
But we're also doing it ourselves
To protect America's security
I withdrew the United States from the horrible one-sided Iran nuclear deal
I recognized Israel's true capital and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem
And just three months ago, we also recognized the Golan Heights as being a part of and protected by Israel
For years you watched as your politicians apologized for America
Now you have a president who is standing up for America and we are standing up for the people of New Hampshire
Thank you
And you must never forget the 2020 election right around the corner
2020 right around the corner
And it's about one thing
You know what the one thing is, you
It's about you
It's about your family
It's about your future
And it's about the fate of your country
So when we ran together last time, we said the most importantly we had to turn it around
This country was going bad
You see what happened to Venezuela with socialism? Venezuela 15 years ago was one of the richest countries
Now they don't have water, they don't have food, they don't have anything
And this was one of the richest nations in the world
They don't have anything
We're working on it
We're helping people, but it's very sad
It's never going to happen to us because we will never ever be a socialist nation
Ever
No matter what label they use, a vote for any Democrat in 2020 is a vote for the rise of radical socialism and the destruction  The destruction of the American dream
We have a dream
It's a great dream
This the destruction of the American dream
We begin this campaign tonight with the best record, the best results, the best agenda, and the only positive vision for the people of New Hampshire and for the people of America
Together we will lift millions more citizens from welfare to work, dependence to independence, and poverty to prosperity
Millions and millions of people
With your help, we will elect a Republican Congress to create a safe, modern, fair and lawful system of immigration
We will enact trade deals that are already happening that ensure more products are proudly stamped with that beautiful phrase made in the USA
We will achieve new breakthroughs in science and medicine, ending the AIDS epidemic in America and finding new cures for childhood cancer
Something I never thought I'd be able to say, within one decade the AIDS epidemic in the United States will be gone
Think of that
Did you ever think you were going to hear that? No
Did you ever think you were going to hear that? The work they've done on AIDs is incredible
That's an incredible thing
When they told me that, it's just shattering
It just, it breaks your heart what's happened
But think of it in 10 years, the AIDS epidemic will be eradicated
So great
Who thought that was going to be happening
Who thought I'd be able to get to say that so early in what we're doing together
We will defend privacy, free speech, free assembly, religious Liberty, and the right to keep and bear arms
Above all, we will never stop fighting for the values that bind us together
There is one America we will support, protect and defend the constitution of the United States
We'll stand with the incredible men and women of law enforcement
We believe in the dignity of work and in the sanctity of life
We believe that faith and family, not government and bureaucracy are the true American way
We believe that children should be taught to love our country, honor our history, and to always respect our great American flag
Through every day and every challenge our hearts speak to the words of the New Hampshire state motto, live free or die
We are fighting for every American mom and dad who wants to protect this land of Liberty for their precious, beautiful children
We are fighting for every young boy and girl who deserves to grow up in a nation of builders and dreamers, pioneers and patriots, and we are fighting for every citizen of the greatest Republic on the face of this earth
Every day my presidency, we will never forget that we are Americans and the future belongs to us
The brave this beautiful, strong, proud, and free future
It belongs to us
It's up to us
We control our own destiny
And with your help, your devotion and your drive
We are going to keep on working
We are going to keep on fighting and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning
We are one great movement
One people, one family and one glorious nation under God
And together we are making America wealthy again
We are making America strong again
We are making America safe again
And we are making America great again
Thank you
New Hampshire
Thank you
Thank you

Hello, everybody
Hello, everybody
Wow
Hello, everybody
Thank you
Thank you
And I'll tell you, we're landing and there are thousands of people along the runways, and I said, Why aren't they here? Sir, we couldn't let them in
Why not? Let's let them in
Oh, these people
And then they put in a floor
This is for Manchester because you know about flooring
They put in a floor that's like an ice skating rink
So we're going to tiptoe around
How are you, everybody? We love you
We love you
Great, great people
Manchester, we had some good memories in Manchester
2016, but this is going to be, we are right now in the most important election in our history
But I'm thrilled to be back in the Granite State with the true hard-working American Patriots
Last night it was my great honor to accept the Republican nomination for President of the United States
We're going to win
We're going to win
Does anybody have any doubt? Does anybody It's very interesting, last night we had an incredible time and I don't know if you know, it's driving the fake news crazy
They're back
But the poll numbers have swung
If you go back six months before the plague flew in from China, the plague, the horrible plague, this election was over
This election was over
And then I had to go back to work
I had to go back to work
And then I went back to work and we've done an incredible job in every aspect of running government, but I also had to start campaigning a little bit again, and I did
And today it was announced that Joe Biden is coming out of the basement
Because the poll numbers have totally swung
They totally swung
And they've swung like nobody's ever seen them swing before
And it was rapid
It was a rapid swing
Because they all admit that we're doing a great job
There's not too many presidents that have done a job like we've done, including keeping you out of wars, bringing you home from the endless wars
But they've swung
But here's what I don't get
Sleepy Joe's coming out he said in 10 days, that's a long 10 days
10 days
That's like an eternity in Trumpville
10 days
I view 10 days is like an eternity, okay? So he decided he's coming out and he's going to be out in 10 days
That's a long time
That's a big percentage of the remaining time
That's all right, he's much better off where he is
I think he's, I think he just And how about those stories from friends of mine? How about those stories? Was that just compelling and incredible television, but really that was an exciting, a really good quality convention
Really great
So many people
So many people, you saw some tragic situations, some really great endorsements, you saw everything
If you How about the endorsement of Herschel Walker? When you watch that that was from the heart
That was from the heart
Dana White today
I just saw it today because last night I was looking at this speech a little bit
We had a wonderful turnout last night
What I didn't like, you saw this right, when it was over, you saw when it was over? The thugs outside because the Democratic mayor of Washington DC, it's another Democrat that's not believing in law and order
And you know we give Washington DC a lot of money to run it, but they don't do a good job of running it
The mayor, she doesn't run anything
And these incredible people from all over the country, all over the world that were there last night, they walked out to a bunch of thugs
And that wasn't, remember this, that wasn't friendly protesters
They were thugs
They were thugs
And the DC police are good, but the mayor gave bad instructions last night, that should have never been allowed to happen
When a senator like Rand Paul walks out, and thank God we had some good police around him and they took a tremendous They took tremendous abuse
And Rand Paul was in big trouble last night, he's a good guy, he's a friend of mine, and that shouldn't happen to anybody
But he is a US senator walking outside and those four policemen should be brought over to the White House and we ought to give them a medal of some kind, and we're going to do it
We're going to do it
I told that to Rand
And the mayor should be ashamed of herself for that kind of a display of incompetence because that's what's happening in Portland
And that's what's happening all over where you have Democrat-run cities
Just take a look
And we're looking at the whole situation in DC, and tonight they have a lot of people gathering, let's see how that works out
They have to be able to manage their affairs, they get a lot of money
She's always looking for money, Could we have more money? What are you going to waste it on? I mean spend it on
What are you going to waste it on, Mayor? And then our people walk out, and these are people from all over the world, they walk, including Congress, by the way, they walk out and they get accosted, they get abused, they get spit on
It's a disgrace
And our country is going to change
We're not going to allow that to happen
You know, we're not supposed to be We're not supposed to be involved unless we're invited in by the people that run, these are all Democrat cities, just so you understand, including DC
So we're not supposed to go in unless we call it an insurrection, but that's a big statement
It's a big statement
No reason for it
But you know what we're going to do? We're going to have to look at it
Mark Meadows is here, we're going to have to look at it because we're not going to let that happen to people that go to the White House to celebrate our country
And a weak guy named Joe Biden, and he's weak, he's weak as hell, a weak guy like Joe Biden didn't even bring law and order up as a subject for discussion in the entire Democrat National Convention
Now they're all of a sudden Now they realize because they've gone down like a rock in water, they've gone down in the polls and now all of a sudden they're talking all, Well, we have to talk about crime
Number one, they have no Look at what happened to New York, look at what's going on in Chicago, all Democrats, all radical left Democrats
Look at what's going on in the great State of Wisconsin
Now I will tell you, two days ago we sent in the National Guard
That was the end of that problem
Look at Portland
We want to send in the National Guard, we sent in Homeland Security just to protect our couple of our buildings, including a courthouse, can you believe it? We sent in because-  couple of our buildings, including a courthouse
Can you believe it? We send in because they can't protect it
So we sent, they did a very effective job
We could take care of Portland in 45 minutes, 45 minutes
If that governor, if that mayor would call and say, Please send in the National Guard
just like  Hey, we did it in Minneapolis
Remember that? The place was going to burn down
Another few days, we send in the National Guard, it was over within an hour
They ought to get smart and that's what they ought to do
So now they're talking about, Well, we want to  Why did they call it a friendly protest? Right? Remember the idiot from CNN, he's standing there
This is a friendly protest
Behind him over his shoulders, the entire city is burning down
Sixty seven days from now, we're going to win the great state of New Hampshire
We have to
We're going to win four more years in the White House
Within my first term in office, we've secured America's borders, brought back our manufacturing jobs, rebuilt the United States military
It was a mess
It was a depleted mess
Wiped out the ISIS caliphate, killed our terrorists enemies, kept America out of foolish, stupid, ridiculous foreign wars
Achieved American energy independence
You see the price of your gasoline
When you go fill it up, Oh boy, that's a nice price
It's half what it was
We built the single greatest economy in the history of the world
That includes China, which was having a very, very bad year
Then the plague came in from China
We had to close it up
We saved millions of lives and now we're open again and we're setting records
We're setting records
Wait till you see the numbers just before the election
There'll be released and this is despite the fact that the Democrats are holding back Michigan, North Carolina
You take a look
Pennsylvania
They want to keep them
By the way, on November 4th, regardless, they'll be opening them up, November 4th, because they think that hurts the economy and that will hurt me, but our numbers are going to be great
We're going to have a great third quarter
We're going to have an unbelievable next year, unless somebody stupid gets elected and raises your taxes
This November, each of you will vote in truly the most important election in the history of our country
I used to say it about 2016
This is now at a new level
Joe Biden is the puppet of the radical left movement that seeks to obliterate and destroy everything that you hold here including your second amendment, which will have no chance
Your vote will decide whether we save the American dream or whether we allow Biden to eliminate your jobs
By the way, it's not Biden
It's not Biden
It's his masters, his  They tell him what to do, his masters
They want to erase your borders, confiscate your guns, appoint radical left judges and prosecutors, tear down our history
Demolish your suburbs
You saw what I did
I ended the rule
You're not going to have low income housing built in your suburbs anymore, but nobody writes that because the fake news doesn't want to write that, but everyone knows
Unless our friends in the suburbs have gotten a lot dumber than they used to be, they know that
They want to destroy your suburbs, indoctrinate our children, defund the police and try everything in the book to turn our cities so that they look more like Portland, Oregon than what we're used to looking at
Never forget, they are coming after me because I am fighting for you
It's true
Today's Democrat party is filled with hate
Just look at Joe Biden supporters on the streets screaming and shouting at bystanders with unhinged manic rage
Right? You see it
It's crazy
It's crazy
You ought to see last night in Washington
It was a disgrace
It was a disgrace that these people are representing the United States of America
It was a disgrace
Protesters
You know what I say? Protest is your ass
I don't talk about my ass
They're not protestors
Those aren't  Those are anarchists
They're agitators
They're rioters
They're looters
They're not  You know you say that and some of the people, not all of them, but some of the people back there, Oh, how dare you
These are friendly protesters, right? Friendly  They're just looking for trouble
Has nothing to do with George Floyd
Has nothing to do with anything
They don't even know who George Floyd is
Okay? They don't know who George Floyd
They have no idea
If you ask them, Who's George Floyd? They couldn't even tell you
These are just bad people, troublemakers and they shouldn't be representing our country at important events and we've got to stop it
Democrats have no complaint about the rioters and the vandals, marauding through our cities or mass unruly demonstrations, but they don't believe law abiding citizens can go to a church together
You can't go to church anymore
You know how many churches are closed in this country because of the Democrats? You can go out and you can have thousands of people marauding through the streets, threatening other people, beyond threatening, kicking them in the face, doing what they've done
You've seen it
They would have done that to Senator Rand Paul last night
He'd either be in very bad shape or dead and that would include his wife if those policemen didn't happen to be there
They took some big beating
The reason they didn't fight back too much, they don't want to lose their pension
They don't want to lose their job, because we've become so politically correct, everybody's afraid to do anything now, but they did a good job
The puppet Biden, who's just controlled so strongly wants you to cancel weddings, funerals and school, but has no problem with thousands of so-called peaceful protesters cramming into your streets, mugging people, hurting people, robbing stores, looting stores, burning down storefronts
The radical left will do anything to get power
They smear justice, Brett Kavanaugh, and they are  Did you see anything like that? Justice Kavanaugh
People forget
Time goes by, they forget
We don't forget
I don't forget
They're destroying the livelihoods of innocent people and if Biden wins, which I honestly can't believe can happen
I will have lost to a low IQ individual
I don't want that
I don't want it
Sleepy Joe, I don't want it
But the agitators will go from rioting in the streets to running the halls of government
Can you believe it? The levers, they call it the levers of government
The top 10 most dangerous cities in America are run by Democrats and have been for decades
Now they're trying to impose those policies across the entire country
No one will be safe in Biden's America
I can't even call it Biden's America
God doesn't know he's alive
He's going to be out in 10 days
He's going to start 10 days
Ten days
I mean, I gave a big speech last night
I said, What am I doing tomorrow night? You're going to New Hampshire, but sir, we can cancel New Hampshire because you had a big night
We can cancel
Are you crazy? I don't have the courage to cancel New Hampshire
I got to win New Hampshire
I love the people and you've been very good to me
You've been very good to me
You've been very good to me
So, New Hampshire was the first state I won
Right? Remember, I came here
I was very excited
That was an exciting evening
That was an exciting race, but we don't talk about that anymore
We have to talk about the future
We don't talk about it
That was great
It was important
We've done more than any administration in its first three and a half years in the history of our country
That's despite phony witch hunts, phony investigations, a phony impeachment based on a phone call that was absolutely perfect
That's despite a pandemic that was probably sent in by China, who the hell knows how it got here and all over the world, because China does not want to see me win I can tell you that
We're not happy with China
I'll tell you why
If Biden got in, China would own the United States very quickly
They'd own it
If the Democrat party wants to stand with anarchist, criminals, rioters, looters, and flag burners, that's up to them
The Republican party and you, I can see you
Is there anybody in this place that enjoys burning the American flag? Is there anybody? Please quietly raise your hand
Be careful
Could be very dangerous
The Republican party will remain the voice of the patriotic heroes who keep America safe and our law enforcement
Right? We are all that stand between the American people and the left wing mob
If you want to save democracy from the mob, then you must vote to defeat an extremely poor candidate
Look, I believe I have the honor of running against the worst candidate ever put up by the Democratic party, the worst
How do you get worse? I believe he's the worst candidate, the slowest candidate
I mean, in prime time, he was the slowest candidate, which was a long time ago
Primetime
You know what I don't like though, they say he's like 78, 79, 78, I guess
Right? I know people that are 85, that are 88, 92, Bernie Marcus, Home Depot, he's 92 years old
He's the sharpest guy you'll ever meet
There's nothing  78 is okay, but that's a bad 78, not a good 78
78 is okay, but he shouldn't say that
They shouldn't say  The press, they say he's too old
He's not too old
He's not too old, but 78 is okay, but I do
I know people in their 90s that are 100% sharp and good physically, actually good physically
You want debate? So do I
I want debates too
I want debates too
Tonight, we're honored to be joined by New Hampshire House Republican leader, Dick Hinch
Where is Dick? I think your great governor is here
Where's the governor? Where's our governor? Hi, Dick
Good job
Do we like Dick? Yes
Where's our governor? He's here
He just met me
I told him, Go back
Hi, Steve
Because you have a great governor and we don't have same day voting anymore
We don't have same day
What a joke that was last time, remember? Buses poured up from Massachusetts with a lot of people that weren't going to vote for Trump, and they poured up thousands and thousands of people came in on election day and then you had a senator running on the Republican party who wasn't exactly the greatest for us, but we have done so well here and we're going to have a big win
I'm hearing we're going to have a great win
So, I want to thank you, governor
Also with us, our state representatives, Al Baldasaro and Fred Doucette
Where are you? Hi
Hi, Al
I know these guys so well
Hey Al, have I taken care of the vets better than you even thought? This guy I met him
He's a big vet
He wanted the vets
He didn't care about anything else, but the vets
Honestly, he couldn't have cared less about anybody here except the vets, but I did a good job, right? We did a good job for the vets
Very importantly, very, very US Senate candidate Corky Messner
Good, Corky
I hear you're doing well
Good, Corky
Get them
We need Corky
Get them
I hear you're doing well, Corky
Congressional candidate Matt Mowers
Matt, thank you
Thank you, Matt
Great people
A friend of mine for a long time, he said right from the beginning, You're going to win this state, sir
We met him at the primaries
Chairman of New Hampshire Republican Party Steven Stepanek
Steven
Hi, Steve
Great Steve
Co-chairman of my New Hampshire campaign Lou Gargiulo
Where's Lou? Lou Gargiulo
Hi, Lou
How am I doing? Are we winning, Lou? Lou, are we winning? Thank you
You said yes
If he said no, he's out of here
A friend of mine and a friend of the state, he loves this state and he is a smart cookie
So good
I love him on television
He's no games
Just looks and gives her the answer, but he's done a fantastic job
The first person on my whole  You read about all these people
This is the first guy and he's a great guy and he's a friend of mine, Corey Lewandowski
Where is Corey? Great guy
Tremendous guy
Tremendous help
Thank you, Corey
Are you having a good time, Corey? Who's going to win this year, Corey? You bet
A little bit slow with that head, Corey
With the help of everyone here today, we've accomplished more in the first three years
We've done so much
We've done so much
You can go over at taxes and you can go over what we've done with the military
We passed the biggest tax cuts ever, ever the history of our country
Now, they want to raise taxes
Think of it
All my life, I've watched politicians
Don't forget, I've only been doing this for four and a half years
I haven't been to  I've had senators come in
I've had congressmen come in
Sir, I've been doing this for 25 years and in 25 years I've only lost three races, sir
I said, But I've only been doing it for four years and I only won one race, but now I have to win two
One race I won, but it was the president
It was for president
It was for president, but we did the largest tax cut in the history of our country
We eliminated the most job destroying regulations in the history of our country
I ended the job killing Paris climate accord
That was a killer
That was meant to hurt the United States
By the way, in case you had any questions
Today, the United States is the number one producer of oil and natural gas anywhere on earth
To give critically ill patients access to lifesaving cures we passed and hopefully anybody here doesn't need it
Nobody here
Uh-oh, do you need it? Uh-oh
Don't raise that  Oh she is? Is she okay? I'll get it for her
Is she okay? We got to get her on the list
Tell me
Oh, from before
Well, that's a long time before I was president
Does she want to get on the list? Because I've seen you at rallies before
I want to get  Will you please, I want to get his wife on the list
It's called right to try
Right to try
Good work
He's been a friend of mine
Come on
He's been here for a long time
He's been a good guy for a long time
We got to  Is your wife, how she doing? She couldn't get it before me
Well, we had that with Mueller
You saw that with the Mueller's last night
You saw that, right? Was that Assad with their incredible daughter, what happened? He said if Trump was president that wouldn't have happened and they're right, that would not have happened
We took out al-Baghdadi
I wish I were president, you would had a different solution
Thank you
Thank you
Go ahead
How about you? Yeah
We'll talk to you later
Right to try
You have no idea
So many people, they used to travel all over the world to get a cure
Now, we can sign a quick simple document
It sounds easy, it wasn't, but it was easy for me
I understood it
Now, you signed a document
We give you the greatest medicines even if they haven't been approved
If somebody's terminally ill, like in the case of your wife, if somebody's terminally ill, at least you have hope, but it's beyond that because people have gone home
You have to see some of the results have been incredible
You saw one of the people the other day, right? That wonderful young lady that was so incredible and spoke so well
She's a special person
She really is a special person
Thank you
We'll talk to you
Thank you very much
To bring opportunities to our inner cities, I signed the groundbreaking criminal justice reform, prison reform, opportunity zones, permanent funding for historically black colleges and universities
True
Before the China virus came in, before that China virus came in, we had the best job numbers ever recorded the history of our country
We had almost 160 million Americans working
We had never had numbers like that
The Republican party is the party of Abraham Lincoln
Remember that
We- We stand for so much, including Martin Luther King's dream of a nation where our children are judged not by the color of their skin, but by the content of their character
You know that
The radical left's effort to divide everyone by race tears us apart
There's so much racial hatred, and it's put there by CNN, by MSDNC They stoke the flames and they know it
The good news is the ratings aren't great
So that's okay
They don't have great ratings
But they stoke the flames
Uh-oh, CNN just turned off their camera again
They always turn off their camera
Why do I keep doing that? Every time I do it, they turn off their camera
They did it last time
I mention CNN, they're screaming, turn the camera off
Our movement is about a brighter future for all Americans of every race, religion, color, and creed
Joe Biden spent the last 47 years betraying the African American community
I've spent the last four years delivering for the African American community like nobody, with the exception possibly of Abraham Lincoln, has delivered before
It's true
My first week in office, I withdrew the United States from the last administration's horrible, stupid, insane Trans Pacific Partnership
Would've destroyed the US auto industry and many other industries
New Hampshire lost one in four, and I think much more than that, manufacturing jobs following twin disasters of NAFTA and China's entrance into the WTO
It was more than one in four
That statistic is wrong
Please have it changed
The statistic is wrong, far more than one in four
Earlier this year, I kept my promise and replaced the NAFTA nightmare with a brand new US-Mexico-Canada Agreement
They said that couldn't be done
I also took the toughest ever action to stand up to China's pillaging and plundering of American jobs
Joe Biden's agenda is made in China
My agenda is made in America
After years of building up other nations, we are finally building up our nation and our jobs, and we're taking care of our people
Last night, I got great reviews of the speech and all, but some of the fakers back there, they said, Well, it was a little long
He shouldn't have used the White House
Oh really? Tell me
But they said it was a little Then one person, I think it was Chris Wallace
Nice guy
He's actually a nice guy
He said that, He didn't have the same energy in the speech that he usually has
Well, it's a different kind of a speech
Tonight, I'm in New Hampshire and we can wing it
See, actually, actually Chris, who has always wanted to be his father, but it never worked out because of a lack of talent
Actually though, actually Chris has it wrong
If I did last night's speech here, by now you would have all been walking out
And if I did tonight's speech there, I would have been criticized by being slightly radical
But we're having a good time doing it this way, right? Because we are finally putting America first
Under my administration, America's borders are more secure than ever before
We ended the catch and release, stopped asylum fraud
And we have deported 20,000 gang members and 500,000 criminal aliens
We've already built 300 miles of border wall and we're adding 10 new miles every single week
The wall will soon be completed
And our numbers on the border are the best they've ever been
And by the way, Mexico is paying for the wall
Just in case you didn't know that
They don't know that
They're paying for the wall
You haven't noticed on the wall
Everything was wall, wall
They didn't think I was going to get it done
Because look, you have one major party controlling Congress and they don't want to give me a wall
So they're going crazy
Wall
The wall's not getting done
Then I get it done
Get it from the military, get it from everything
I'm a developer
I know how to get money
It's one of those
Developers understand
And now that the wall is almost complete, it'll be soon complete
And it's the wall that border security wanted so badly
This is the one
But now that it's built, you never hear about the wall
They don't talk about it anymore
They don't talk about it anymore
It's incredible
But the wall will soon be complete
We've invested $2
5 trillion in the US military and launched the first new branch of the US Armed Forces in nearly 75 years
The space force
And Al, in honor of you, we have passed VA Choice and VA Accountability, Al
That guy's been bugging me for years
Al has been bugging me
What's in that hat, Al? Let me see
Let me It's something
Al, he's been bugging me for years
Did you ever think we'd get VA Choice, VA Accountability? Did you ever really believe it? Thank you, Al
I withdrew from the last administration's disastrous Iran Nuclear Deal, a disaster
$150 billion we paid Iran for a basically short term deal
And we gave them What's more impressive, we also gave them $1
8 billion in cash
Cash
Many plane loads
You know what that took? Many, many plane loads, $1
8 billion
I said bad
That's when I realized how powerful a president is in the United States
When a president has the right, which by the way, I don't believe he did have that right, okay? When a president has the right to go into the banks and take out $1
8 billion and hand it to people that hate our guts, that's power
That's power
I don't believe he had the right to do it
I kept my promise, recognized the true capital of Israel and opened the US embassy in Jerusalem
I recognized Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights and we achieved the first breakthrough in the Middle East in 25 years
You saw that just last week
UAE, highly respected
Mohamed, highly respected
UAE and Israel
And now they're all going to be coming in
Now they're all saying, How come you didn't tell us about this? You'll have peace in the Middle East
And yet we're moving our trips out
It's pretty amazing, actually
We'll get no credit for it, but that's all right
Remember that Kaitlan
Cover that properly, Kaitlan
We like Kaitlan
Together, we've spent the last four years cleaning up 47 years of Biden disasters
Joe Biden has spent his entire career on the wrong side of history
He supported NAFTA
China's entry
He's done so many things
This man, if you look at what he's done, we went into a deal, the Korea, you know about the Korea deal? Hillary Clinton's deal, along with Biden
They promised 250,000 jobs, right? 250,000 jobs
And they were right
Except all those jobs went to South Korea
They didn't come to us
00, the polls close
And they said, Donald Trump has won the state of Texas
Simultaneously with the closing
I'm now running in Texas against a man who's against oil, guns, and God
How do you win Texas? I said this, you could bring George Washington back as your Presidential candidate
You could bring Abraham Lincoln
Let's put him as the Vice Presidential candidate
Run in Texas and other states, you couldn't win
You couldn't win
Now, they're not going to win
We're going to win this
And you're against the oil stuff too
Because his whole thing on oil, no fracking, no this, no that
New England has the highest energy costs in the United States
And you know why? Because Governor Cuomo will not let a pipeline go across the tip of New York State so that oil and gas, of which we have plenty, can come
And do you know where you buy your energy from? Russia
Did you know that? You have ships, much of it from Russia, because Governor Cuomo, New York won't allow a pipeline and they're desperate to have something happen in upper New York State
And those are great people, but they've been treated very badly
But they won't allow a pipeline
By not allowing a pipeline, we're trying to do it through essentially eminent domain
By not allowing a pipeline to go through upper New York State and create a lot of jobs for them, you have the highest energy prices in the United States by far
Thank you New York
Thank you
Thank you Governor Cuomo
Biden voted for the Iraq war
I was against the Iraq war
He opposed a mission to take out Osama bin Laden
He opposed the killing of Soleimani
You remember that one? He oversaw the rise of ISIS and he cheered the rise of China as a positive development for America and for the world
That's not a positive development
Before they went into the WTO, China was flat lined
For years and years and decades, flat lined
And then they got into the WTO and a lot of bad things happened
First China's stole our jobs, plundered our intellectual property and unleashed the virus
And now China is trying to just hug and kiss Joe Biden
They want him so badly
Look, if you like China, you should vote for Biden, that I can tell you
How about his son? You think the son, maybe there's a conflict? How about his son? Where's Hunter? Where is Hunter? Where is Hunter? Does anybody know? Where's Hunter? He's in another country right now, probably, ripping off another country
No, as soon as Biden became vice president, bad things happened with respect to a Hunter
If that happened with respect to my family, I wouldn't be standing
I guarantee you that
I guarantee you that
What a disgrace
What a disgrace
Ukraine
And it's not just Ukraine and it's not just China
But he goes into China, takes out $1
5 billion to manage, and he knows nothing, and he wasn't even employed
He got thrown out of the armed services
So give me a break
It's a disgrace, what's happening
There's a double There's a thing happening with the media like nobody's ever seen before
These people right here
Because if that happened to a Republican, in particular
If any of that stuff happened to me, it would be brutal
But it happened to him
They don't want to talk about it
And how about the questions asked by Anderson Cooper yesterday? Anderson Cooper
He's interviewed me a lot over the years and I always got along with him, but they were tough interviews
Did you hear the questions? And Biden kept looking down
I think he was reading the answers off a teleprompter
Right? I think he was reading the answers off a teleprompter
And that's happened before
And how about David Muir of ABC? He's a nice guy, right? How soft were those questions? How soft were those? They don't ask me questions like that
They got fire pouring out of their eyes
No
Mr
Vice President, what do you think of this? How was your breakfast, sir? Did you enjoy it? When I banned travel from China Biden, called it hysterical and xenophobic
He even used, somewhere along the line, the word racist
He always figures, they always want to get that word in there
If we had listened to Joe, hundreds of thousands of more Americans would have died
But instead my decision, saved thousands and thousands of lives
And then we banned Europe very early because I saw what was going on, really in Italy and Spain and France
When the virus arrived, we launched the largest national mobilization since World War II
Mike Pence did a great job
We produced more than 100,000 ventilators within weeks
And not a single American who has needed a ventilator has been denied a ventilator, not one
You heard all about, and now we're producing ventilators
Hard to produce
Expensive, complex
We're producing them now for the rest of the world
188 countries were affected by this
We pioneered advances in treatment that have reduced the monthly rate
And you look at this, the mortality rate has been reduced by 85% since April
Think of that
85% since April
Under Operation Warp Speed, three different vaccines are right now in final stage trials
If you go back three years, that would have been something that would have been impossible to even discuss
It would have taken years
We will produce a vaccine this year and together we will defeat the virus
It's already getting defeated
And by the way, another big Democrat hoax
Another big hoax
I want football back
I'm the one that's been saying
Is that a correct statement? I want football back
These are young, strong guys
They're not going to be affected by the virus
If you look at it, it's generally older people
Older people that have heart conditions, that have diabetes, that have problems
These are big strong guys
They'll be just fine
But I want football back
I've been calling for football to be back, including Big 10
Big 10, get with it
Open up your season, Big 10
And the Dems don't want it back for political reasons
But now their new line This is like Russia, Russia, Russia
All this crap they come up with
Now their new line is they are trying to blame me and keep football shut down
They want to keep it shut down
And they're saying that President Trump shut it down
I'm the one that wants it open
So they're reversing it
They're playing a big con game
It's just a con game
And that's what we're dealing with
And we have to defeat them on November 3rd
I want football back and Big 10 open
And now the other day, Joe Biden came up with a plan to impose a blanket shutdown
He'd be willing to do another blanket
And we had to do it
We blanket, we shut down
We saved millions of lives
Instead of the number we have today, 175,000, we could have had 2 million today instead
It would have been unacceptable, unsustainable
Unsustainable
We did everything right
We did it right
We closed it down
We stopped China
We stopped Europe
Now we're opening it up and we're opening it up to record numbers, despite the fact that the Democrats are keeping their states shut down and hurting people that live in those states, shut down as long as possible
But now Biden wants to do another blanket shutdown, possibly, that would decimate the economy and cause suicides, drug overdoses, alcohol abuse, heart attacks, joblessness
You'd have jobs, all of the problems that it causes
Because it's not just a one sided equation
A shut down causes big problems also
And at this point, when the economy is roaring back
We had record job numbers this last quarter, over 9 million jobs
We're going to throw that all out? We have a market You know, your stock market
Who has 401k's here? Your 401k's and your stocks, when you have stocks, would be obliterated
And right now, we have just, on two of your markets, as you know, S&P and NASDAQ, you're at new records
And you're about to hit another new record
Think of it
Who would have thought the stock market? And hopefully we're at the end of this horrible China virus
Came from China
They should have stopped it and they did
But who would have thought, just who would have thought that the stock market is at record levels right now? Record levels
And everything else is going to follow
Before the virus, we created an economic miracle and now we're doing it again
We did the Paycheck Protection Program where we saved more than 200,000 jobs in New Hampshire alone
200,000, right? Over the past three months, we've gained so many different, if you look at retail numbers
Take a look at our retail numbers
They're literally at records
Look at some of the numbers be announced by companies
They're at records
Can you imagine giving that all up and starting again? It's not acceptable
If I'm reelected, we will create 10 million jobs over the next 10 months, and we'll do that easily
The Biden agenda, with big tax increases and big regulation increases, would immediately kill everything
You will go into a depression
And I'm very good at predicting this
You will go into a depression the likes of which this country has not seen since 1929, and who knows, maybe worse than that
They are playing a suicide mission
 be worse than that
They are playing a suicide mission if they want to raise your taxes
They want to raise your taxes by $4 trillion
And that's going to be almost everybody
They're saying for the rich
No, not for the rich
They're going to be raising everybody's taxes almost
Joe Biden is running on the most extreme far left platform of any nominee in American history and of our foreign adversaries, we're devising a plan to destroy the United States from within
All they have to look is at the Biden Harris
How about her? Is she a beauty? What a beauty that is
They pick a woman who starts off She starts off sort of strong
She's one of the favorites
Within a period of a few months, she goes down, down 15, 12, 11, nine, eight, five, three, two
Then she goes, I'm going to leave because I've decided that I want to leave
I want to leave
She left because she wouldn't have gotten any votes
She was terrible
This would be your president possibly
I don't think so
I don't think so
I want to see the first woman president also, but I don't want to see a woman president get into that position the way she do it and she's not competent
She's not competent
They're all saying we want Ivanka
I don't blame them
They want to eliminate America's borders in the middle of a pandemic, suspend all deportations, restore catch and release, and expand horrible, dangerous, disgusting sanctuary cities
They want to give illegal aliens government healthcare and taxpayer funded lawyers
That's what we need is more lawyers
Let's get some more lawyers into the act
They want to end national security travel bands from jihadist nations, very dangerous, and increase refugee admissions by 700%
This is in the Bernie Sanders, crazy Bernie, you know crazy Bernie
A lot of his people are going to vote for me just like they did last time
You know why? Because of trade
Because I agree with Bernie Sanders, but my trade policies are much tougher than his and I'm able to do it
All you have to do is how is China doing last year with my trade policy? Not too well
And we had the best year we've ever had
We're going to get a lot of Bernie Sanders voters because they like my attitude on trade
They really like it because I've been telling people for years our country is being ripped off by China and many other countries, including, I hate to say it, our allies
Our allies have been ripping us big
And you heard me say last night, NATO, I got $130 billion from them first time going up to $400 billion a year from NATO countries, by saying, You got to do it
You got to do it
And general Secretary Stoltenberg said it can't be done
He could not believe it
He's actually my biggest fan and nobody ever calls him for a quote
Call him sometime
They want to abolish cash bail and cut funding for law enforcement
They want to end We want to increase law enforcement, not cut law enforcement
And by the way, Pat Lynch is a great guy, New York, New York
Really great, New York's finest, right? Their rights have been taken away from them
Literally they're not allowed to do their job, but Pay Lynch, he said the first time in history that they know of New York's finest have endorsed a candidate
The candidate is Donald Trump
First time they've done it
All over the country, the sheriffs of Florida, all of Texas, all over the country, Ohio, law enforcement's endorsing Trump
I cannot imagine them getting any law enforcement endorsements
If they do, please let me know and we'll have a little discussion
We'll ask why did that happen? They want to end school choice and ban charter schools
They want to abolish American energy, including all of the things I said before
And add to that coal and add to that shale
A vote for Republicans is a vote for safe communities, great jobs, a bright future, the American dream for all Americans
There is no limit to what we can achieve with four more years
So in conclusion, I have to say this
Over the next four years, we will make America into the manufacturing super power of the world that's happening already
We will end our reliance on China once and for all
We'll do it here
Like we used to do in the good old days before we owed trillions of dollars
We will hire more police, increase penalties for assaults on law enforcement, surge federal prosecutors into high crime communities and neighborhoods and ban sanctuary cities
We will kill our terrorist's enemies as we've been doing while keeping America out of the endless foreign Wars
I go to Dover and I greet these incredible families of soldiers that have been so sadly killed
So sadly killed
It's such a shame
I go to the hospital, I go to Walter Reed Medical Center
It's incredible
The doctors are so talented
I see what they can do, but soldiers so badly hurt
And they're really acting as police
They're acting as police
Now, we're very low in Afghanistan now in terms of numbers of troops
We're getting out
We'll be getting out soon
We're very low in Iraq
We're very low in Syria, except we kept the oil
We left some behind for the oil
If you don't mind, we kept the oil
We should have kept the oil in Iraq like I've been saying
We'll appoint prosecutors, judges, and justices who believe in enforcing the law, not their own political agenda, which is what we have in many cases right now
The next president will be in my opinion, responsible for two, three, four, and maybe, maybe even five US Supreme Court Justices
You better vote for me, you better vote for me or you're going to have the greatest depression you've ever seen
We will uphold religious liberty, free speech and the right to keep and bear arms
Second amendment
We will surprise medical billing require, it's already done
I signed it
Nobody can believe I did it
Price transparency
You know what that is? Do you know how big that is? Where you're able to actually negotiate with hospitals, see their prices, compare it
You know who likes it? Good hospitals and good doctors
Other people don't like it
It's the biggest thing and nobody even talks about it, but I've already put it into effect
The bad news is it goes into effect on January 1st
You better make sure you elect me so I get credit for it
Otherwise, could you imagine if sleepy Joe got in and medical prices and drug prices and everything had dropped, but he said, I wonder what happened? And I did it all
I'll be so angry at New Hampshire
I'll never speak to you again
Now, all these things, what we're doing with drugs, we instituted a favored nations laws
We instituted favored nations
That's going to drop your prices 50, 60, 70%
And I'm the only president in 51 years, last year, drug prices went down a little, not much, but they went down the first time in 51 years
Favored nations could drop at 50, 60, or 70%
On top of that, I instituted rebates where the rebates go toward price reductions and back to the customer instead of to a middleman
So we will protect Medicare and we will protect Social Security and we will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions
America will land the first woman on the moon and the United States will be the first nation to plant its beautiful American flag
Do we love our American flag? Or Mars
Above all, we will teach our children to love our country, to honor our history and be inspired by the words of the New Hampshire state motto
Have you ever heard of these words? Live free or die
Live free or die
Vote for those people
And you do, you have a great governor
Vote for your people, vote for your governor
You have a great governor
From Portsmouth to Dixville from Concord to Keene
I know a friend from Keene
Great guy
I had a friend from Keene a long time
Keene, New Hampshire
And Merrimack to Manchester, we will fight for every job, every family and every neighborhood
We will fight for every vote
We have to win
We have no choice
Can I be honest with you? We're working hard
We're all working
I don't have to do this
I could get off that beautiful plane that used to be black and white with a red stripe
That was mine
But that's Air Force one
I get off that beautiful plane
I could come up and say, Ladies and gentlemen of New Hampshire, you have no choice
You have to vote for me because if you don't, you'll be put in radical lefties
You'll have a depression
Your stocks will be worthless
Your 401ks will be gone
There'll be crime all over your streets
So I'm not going to work at all
I'm leaving now, but you have to vote for me because you have no choice
Right? I could say it
Right? Right? We stand on the shoulders of American heroes who crossed the oceans, blazed the trail, settled the continent, tamed the wilderness, laid down the railroads
Won two World Wars, defeated fascism and communism and made America the greatest nation in the history of the world and we are making it greater
We will be greater than ever before
Incredible citizens like you, the people of New Hampshire, helped build this country
And together we are taking back our country
We are not going to let the radical left socialists or communists take our country
We're not going to let it
We're returning power to you the American people
With your help, your devotion and your drive, we are going to keep on working
We are going to keep on fighting and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning
We are one movement, one people, one family, and one nation under God
And we don't take the beautiful word God out of our Pledge of Allegiance, do we? They did it twice
They it twice
Then they say, Well, we didn't mean that
Oh, I see
I was listening once they said, That's right
You don't know what it is, what happened? What happened? They did it on purpose
They did it twice
That's where they're coming from
You can be fools and you can be fooled, but that's where they're coming from
So don't be surprised, but they're not going to get there
We're not going to let it happen
We're not going to let our country be destroyed by a bunch of nut jobs
America will soon be thriving like never before and together with the people of New Hampshire that have meant so much to me, and I brought down opioid and I brought down drug problems for you by 19% and nobody even talks about it
19
I talk about New Hampshire a lot because you had one of the proportionally worst problems of any country, of any state in this incredible country
You had one of the worst problems of any of the states
And I talk about you a lot
It was incredible
And you still have
But we brought it down 19% and people are absolutely shocked
If it weren't for the China plague, the number would be 25 or 30%
That really hurt us because people sort of went back to some old ways because they don't want to be shut down any longer
Joe, don't you understand that? They don't want to be shut down
So I worked very hard on that for this state and for other states, but this was a state that was so severely impacted with the drug problem
That wall is stopping them and it's stopping them like never before
It's stopping them like never before
I want to thank New Hampshire for all you've done for me
I want to thank New Hampshire
You were my first victory, as I said, but you are going to lead a nation to the most important victory and the most important election that we've ever had
We will make America wealthy again
We will make America strong again
We will make America proud again
We will make America safe again, and we will make America great again
Thank you
Thank you

Hello, Manchester, and I am thrilled to be in the great state of New Hampshire with thousands of hardworking patriots who believe in God, family, and country
Thank you
Thank you
And I'll tell you what  we have more in this arena, and I hate to say this to you we have more than this outside of the arena trying to get in
So if you'd like to give up your seat or where you're standing Sorry we couldn't get you seats, but if you want to give it up, let them come in, you go out
Does anybody want to make that deal? I don't think so
But we have more in this arena and outside of this arena than all of the other candidates, meaning the Democrats, put together and multiplied times fave
And the fake news, these guys will never report that
They'll never report it
They don't even like showing the crowd
They always show my face
They never show the crowd
But you know what? The people can hear the crowd
The people can hear the crowd
They know
That is not the sound of 200 people
One of their prime candidates today, they worked a big deal
They had exactly 104 people, and the fake news said, It was a nice crowd
Very nice
If I had one empty seat here, one empty seat in this massive arena, they'd say, He didn't sell out
But you know what? We have never had an empty seat from the day your future first lady and I came down the escalator
Never, not one time
And we have the biggest arenas in the country
With your help on November 3rd we are going to defeat the radical socialist Democrats
We are going to win New Hampshire in a landslide
This is a truly incredible time for America
We have the best economy we've ever had, the most prosperity
We have got the most prosperity we've ever had
By the way, we're going to keep it that way, too, if it's okay, who was mumbling, very distracting, very distracting
It's true
You know, it was very distracting
I'm speaking and a woman is mumbling terribly behind me, angry
There was a little anger back there
We're the ones that should be angry, not them
We're the ones that should be angry, but we proudly declared that we are in the midst of the great American comeback
Our country is stronger today than ever before
And the day after my address, our good Republicans in the United States Senate voted to reject the outrageous partisan impeachment hoax and to issue a full, complete, and absolute, total acquittal
And it ,wasn't even close and I want to thank our Republican senators and our Republican House members
They were tremendous
In the House, we won 196 to nothing and then we got three Democrats
And in the Senate, other than Romney, we got 52 to nothing, 52 to nothing
That's something, and in one case we got 53 to nothing, but I don't even count that to be honest
The radical left's pathetic partisan crusade has completely failed and utterly backfired with 18 votes think of that 18 votes to spare, with a lot of votes to spare
And also very importantly, as of today, I we, because it's not we
It's not I
It's we
We're all in this together
We have the highest poll numbers that we have ever had
Thank you, Nancy, very much
Thank you
While the extreme left has been wasting America's time with this vile hoax, we've been killing terrorists, creating jobs, raising wages, enacting fair trade deals, securing our borders, and lifting up citizens of every race, color, religion, and creed
From our rural communities to our cities, we are expanding the blessings of America to all of our citizens
We added another 225,000 new jobs last month alone
Amazing
And I listened
I watched
I had all these experts
They were saying, Yes, I think 60,000
Another one said 101,000
Another one said 125
Another one was 118
And then the number came out, 225,000
Pretty good
Pretty good
We have destroyed the ISIS caliphate
We killed the founder and leader of ISIS
Al-Baghdadi is dead
Al-Baghdadi is dead, and we just took out the world's top terrorist, Qasem Soleimani, ending his evil reign of terror forever
The fact is, America is respected again
It's been a long time
But as we keep on winning, Washington democrats keep on losing their minds
They're crazy
That's why millions of registered Democrat voters are leaving their party to join our movement
They're joining our great Republican party
Now, I can't tell you what's happening tomorrow because you know you have some pretty strange election laws here, right? Remember last time? We won the primary tremendously
We should have won the election, but they had buses being shipped up from Massachusetts, hundreds and hundreds of buses
And it was very, very close even though they did, but this year we have a great governor, Governor Sununu
Great governor, Chris
And now you get prosecuted if you do what they did, so it should be a lot different
But we have done great
This has been an incredible state for us
It's a state where the people are great, just great people
And we hear that there could be because you have crossovers in primaries, don't you? So I hear a lot of Republicans tomorrow will vote for the weakest candidate possible of the Democrats
Does that make sense? You people wouldn't do that
My only problem is I'm trying to figure out who is their weakest candidate? I think they're all weak if you want to know the truth
We proudly welcome and embrace voters of all parties and political persuasions who want to join our mission
A very simple mission, remember? Make America great again
And then after we make it great again, which we already have We've had 141 days where the stock markets have reached their all-time historical high
141, think about it
Out of three years, 141
And to me, I view it differently
Well, look at your 401ks
I mean, who is doing well with their 401k? Up 90%
Up 104%
Is there anybody doing badly with the 401k? I'd like to not talk to that person
Does anybody have a 401k where they're doing badly, please? Oh, don't put up your hand
I don't believe it
Nah, the 401ks, they're up 90%, 95%
I always tell this story
People come up to me
They say, I want to thank you
My wife thinks I'm a total loser, sir
She thinks I am the worst person with money, with financial
She thinks I'm just horrible
In the last three years, I'm up 94%, sir
She thinks I'm a total genius when it comes to finance
She loves me again
She didn't love me before, sir
She loves me again
That tells you something about money, doesn't it? The first step to victory in November is tomorrow
Go send a message that Republicans And you can vote for the weakest candidate if you want
Don't worry about it
I don't really think we actually have a candidate against us that Republicans are energized, that we're united, and that nine months from now we are going to take back the House of Representatives
We are going to hold the Senate and we are going to keep the White House
You know, they always talk about the Democrats
They have enthusiasm, right? We have so much more enthusiasm than them
It's not even close
They're all fighting each other
They're all going after each other
You got them all over the place
They don't know what the hell they're doing
They don't know what they're doing
They can't even count their votes
We're thrilled to be joined tonight by many great leaders from across this state and this country, great national leaders
I want to thank our tremendous Vice President, Mike Pence, who spoke earlier this evening
And also with us, our warrior senators, the two people that wanted to be here
They're going to be here tomorrow
They're going to be here to get out the vote
I don't think we have to worry too much about it, but that's okay And very highly respected, Senators Lindsey Graham and Rand Paul
Great guys
Warriors, they're warriors
Hey, Lindsay and Rand
That's not bad
Can you imagine if you actually came from New Hampshire what it would be? Right? That's not bad, but they have been great
All they do is they looked at everybody for the last couple of months and they said, Read the transcripts please
Read the transcripts
But I want to thank you both very much
Two great people, two great friends
Man, look at all that television back there
Whoa! That's bigger than those terrible Academy Awards, I've got to tell you
That used to be big
Not so much anymore
A friend of mine, another great leader and somebody that's going to be Speaker of the House hopefully next year, Kevin McCarthy
Our leader, Kevin McCarthy
Oh, will that be nice to have Kevin, a pro
You'll see things get done like you'll never believe
Thank you, Kevin, very much
Great
A very brave man He took a bullet
He got shot and he got up
He was going to die that night
I tell this story all the time
His wife, she was crying so much
When he finally did awake, I said, Well, one thing I learned, your wife loves you
Why do you say that? Because she was devastated
I know many wives that don't get too upset
His wife was devastated
His family was devastated
The doctor told me he didn't have a good chance, but he's tough as hell and he's a really terrific friend
He's a winner
He put himself back into shape
He actually looks better now than he did before he got shot
Steve Scalise
Lot of guts
Your NRCC Chairman, Mr, Tom Emmer
Congressman, thank you
Tom Emmer
Thank you, Tom
And Representatives Mark Meadows
Did anybody ever hear of Mark Meadows? These are warriors
Matt Gates
Matt
Whoa! Not bad, Matt
That's not bad
Mike Johnson, great lawyer
Mike Johnson
Thank you, Mike
And a man with a very familiar last name, Greg Pence, the brother of Mike
Thank you
Thank you, Greg
And thanks also to New Hampshire Senate Republican leader, Chuck Morse
Thank you, Chuck
Thank you
And I see somebody, two great people, a great couple in the audience, Matt Schlapp and Mercedes Schlapp
They are warriors also
They're warriors also
And I see next to them, two warriors
Corey, you just are such a fighter
You are such a fighter
Ah, boy, if we could get him to run for Senate, he would win so easily
Corey Lewandowski, who loves this state a lot
And Dave Bossie
Thank you, David
Thank you, David
Great job
I'm just picking these people out of the audience
We have everybody here
The New Hampshire House Republican leader, Dick Hinch
Thank you, Dick
Thank you, Dick
A man who's been with us right from the beginning When I left here last time, I felt so good
Everybody coming up to the room, you're going to win
You're going to We win by a lot, right? We had actually a total of 18, and we won
We had a tremendous night and I've never forgotten it
And there was a friend of ours, Chairman of the New Hampshire Republican party, Steve Stepanek
Steve Stepanek
That was a big evening
And three friends of mine that are co-chairmen, Al Baldasaro, Fred Doucette Baldasaro, Fred Ducette, and Lou Gargiulo
Thank you all very much
And David and Corey, thank you also for being here
Also a woman that not too many people know
Very powerful, very smart, very beautiful even though I'm not allowed to say that because she's my daughter, Ivanka
Fred Ducette and Lou Gargiulo
Thank you all very much
And David and Corey, thank you also for being here
Also a woman that not too many people know
Very powerful, very smart, very beautiful, even though I'm not allowed to say that because she's my daughter, Ivanka
Come here
Come on up, Ivanka
And Jared who's making deals that are so good for this country, people have no idea what's happening
I will tell you, we are making trade deals and other deals the likes of which nobody's ever seen before
Jared Kushner
Thank you, Jared
Thank you
And Kimberly, thank you so much
I heard your speech on the plane on the way in
I was very impressed
And did Don Jr
make a good speech? Come on
They're good kids
They went through a lot with this hoax, I want to tell you
They went through a lot with the hoax
Helping us was the RNC chairwoman, Ronna McDaniel
Great job
I said, Get me the woman from Michigan to head up the RNC! Who's that woman from Michigan to head up the RNC? Thank you, Ronna
Great job
Setting all kinds of records, polling records, contribution records, everything
We're doing everything so it's great
And Tommy Hicks
I want you to say hello, Tommy Hicks, who's a special friend
And Haley
Thank you, darling
I retweeted you, Haley
I retweeted you all over the place
And all together we're building the world's most prosperous economy and the most inclusive society anywhere in the world
It's a great thing
It's a great thing
Since my election, America's gained 7 million new jobs
The unemployment rate has hit the lowest rate in half a century
The average unemployment rate under my administration is lower than any previous administration in the history of our country
You believe that one? That's pretty amazing
That's pretty amazing
The unemployment rate among African Americans, Hispanic Americans, and Asian Americans has reached record lows, all time, never been lower than what it is now
And by the way, our poll numbers with African Americans, with Hispanic Americans, with Asian Americans, the other side is getting a little nervous because they are like rocket ships
They're going up
African American youth unemployment is so important
It was a horrible number a few years ago
You remember, it was a really terrible thing was happening
It's just reached the lowest time in the history, lowest, the best number in the history of our country
And African American poverty numbers have hit the lowest rate ever recorded
Wages for African American workers have increased by $2,400 per year, also a record
And you know this
For decades, the Democrat party has betrayed African Americans
They betrayed us all
They betrayed all of us
But we're delivering for African Americans
We're delivering for Asian Americans and Hispanic Americans like nobody has ever done
We are fighting for great jobs, great schools, great healthcare, and a truly great future for our country and for them
We are the party of equal opportunity for all Americans
Thank you
To support working families, we've reduced the cost of childcare, expanded paid leave, and given 40 million American families an average of $2,200 more in their pockets thanks to the Republican child tax credit
Who would have thought that? We have cut more job killing regulations than any You know this one
So you go back four years, eight years
In one case, longer than eight years
We've cut more job killing regulations than any other administration in the history of our country, and we're not finished
We've ended the war on American energy
They want to take our energy away
They want to take our wealth away
They want to give us wind
Wind
If it blows, wonderful
If it doesn't blow, you got problems
Wind
They want to destroy our countrysides, put windmills all over them
Watch your house go down in value
You ever see what happens? They build a windmill within distance of your house
You could forget about your house
You could just say, well, that was the end of that investment
You want to see a bird graveyard, go to the bottom of a windmill
Take a look
It's a graveyard for birds
They kill all the birds
Lowering utility bills and reducing prices at the pump, that's what we're doing
We are reversing decades of calamitous trade policies, Washington politicians You know this
They shuttered New Hampshire factories
You were one of the worst examples ever
NAFTA, what NAFTA to your communities, I mean to your state, is incredible
Shattered your communities and sacrifice your jobs on the altar of globalism
We can forget globalism
We want to take care of our country
New Hampshire alone lost one in four manufacturing jobs following that twin disaster of NAFTA and China's entrance into the WTO, the World Trade Organization, one of the truly bad deals ever made in the history of our country
For decades, politicians campaigned across this state promising to replace NAFTA
They lied
They never did it
They never even tried to do it
They wouldn't have been able to anyway
It wasn't easy, I will tell you that
But then they got elected and they did absolutely nothing
But I'm not like those other politicians
I keep my promises
We took care of it
We took care of it
You saw last month being bye-bye
I say Donald J
Trump, bye-bye NAFTA
We ended the NAFTA catastrophe and I signed the brand new US Mexico Canada Agreement into law
That's going to be great for our manufacturers, our farmers
Great for everybody
Great for our workers
The USMCA will bring jobs back to New Hampshire right where they belong
They should have never left in the first place
Probably the number one reason I ran for office
I'm one for one
I have friends
Some of these great senators, look at Lindsey over there and look at Rand
These great senators
Sure, I've run five times and I've won three
And other senators said Sir, I've won seven times, sir
Southern senator
I won seven times, sir, and I've won five of those damn contests
I said, Senator, I ran once and I won just once
And we're going to run twice and that's going to be it
Although they think we're going to run much more than that, you know that, right? It scares the hell out of the fake news, I will tell you
They can't take a joke
I also took the strongest ever action to confront China's massive theft of American jobs, and our strategy worked
Massive tariff and tariff money is pouring in and has poured in, poured in by the billions and billions
We never took in 25 cents from China
They ripped us so much you wouldn't believe it
Now they respect us again
Last month we signed a groundbreaking trade agreement with China that will defeat so many of our opponents
The money that's pouring in, people don't even believe it
And by the way, the virus, they're working hard
Looks like by April, in theory when it gets a little warmer, it miraculously goes away
I hope that's true, but we're doing great in our country
China, I spoke with president Xi and they're working very, very hard and I think it's going to all work out fine
Rough stuff, I tell you
Rough, rough stuff, but I think it's going to work out good
We only have 11 cases and they're all getting better
But our trade agreement with China will defend our workers, protect our intellectual property, and substantially boost exports of American made goods
Is that nice? After years of building up other countries, we are finally rebuilding our country
On no issue of Washington Democrats more thoroughly sold out the American people than a thing called immigration, right? Before I came into office, the far left's policy of open borders allowed deadly drugs to flow freely into our country and that's what they want
I see them campaigning right down the street
It's really boring to watch, but I try and watch
No, I have an obligation to watch really boring stuff
But they want open borders
They want thousands and thousands of people to pour into our country, many of whom are not exactly what we're looking for, okay? I mean murderers, rapists, and some other things
They're going to be poisoning our children with drugs, including right here in New Hampshire, and you have one of the drug problems in the country
And we brought it down 18% but we have to do better
18%
Washington Democrats put the needs of illegal immigrants before the wellbeing of American citizens
They want to let anyone into our country from all around the world
Just come on in, folks, we're going to give you free healthcare
We're going to give you free education
We're going to give you more than our vets are getting
Every family will get a free Rolls Royce
You know I said that, Matt
I said that to them and some of the fake news picked it up and they said, President Trump said every family coming into our country illegally gets a brand new free Rolls Royce
He lied
He lied
He lied
They gave me a Pinocchio
They don't get it, Matt, do they, Matt? Actually they get it better than we understand
They get it very well
They get it
They know what's happening
And the wall is being built
I will tell you the wall is being built
And you know they went after us on everybody knows the wall is going up
So what's happening? You do know who's paying for the wall, don't you? Right
Redemption from illegal aliens that are coming
The redemption money is paying for the wall
They're so sad to hear that because it's okay, finally, they go
You have to understand an entire party is fighting
They'll give me anything I want
Our military would rebuilt it
2
2, it's really $2
5 trillion over a period of three years
They give me anything but not 25 cents for the wall
They said, We like drones
Well, drones don't keep people out
Drones are wonderful
They fly around, take pictures
We're going to give you a drone
No good
So we now have built over 100 miles of wall
And when we have that wall built, you have to see what happens to the illegal aliens that don't come in
I say they can't come in
They don't come in
So we up to over a hundred, substantially more than a hundred miles of wall, and we'll have close to 500 miles of wall in the very near future
And by the way, you have to see
You wouldn't believe it
You have to see what happens when that wall goes up
You have to see the numbers change like magic
They change like magic
You ever hear the thing with all the modern technology, all of the new computers, the new genius, the new everything, cyber this, cyber that, two things never change, right? A wheel and a wall
Right? A wheel and a wall
They're going to have a lot of brilliant people working over the years
They're never going to replace the wheel and they're never going to replace the wall, and it's a high wall
Illegal immigrants coming in, coming into our country illegally, very few of them are getting in right now
Mexico has been terrific
We have 27,000 Mexican soldiers on our border and the numbers went down 87% from this year and this time last year
And for the amount of money Washington Democrats want to spend supporting illegal immigrants, we could rebuild the cities in America
We could rebuild our cities
But I have something, because people were screaming to me for the last four or five rallies, read the snake
The snake
Does anybody know what I'm talking about? She knows
She's been standing outside for four days, no wonder
And you look good, I'll tell you what
Four days outside in the rain and snow
Look at these front row people
These are warriors
They're warriors too, like my congressmen and senators
I made minor changes
They mentioned illegal immigration
This is about immigration
This was a song from the 1950s, Al Green
And they mentioned little changes to it, that's okay
But they mentioned illegal immigration, right? And I used to do this a lot and people couldn't get enough of it, to be honest with you
And I haven't done it for a while, and I thought I'd do it tonight because you're on the eve of giving us an opponent and all of these people want open borders
They want open borders, and we don't want open borders
We want very strong closed borders
And we want people to come into our country, but they want to come in through merit and we want them to come in legally, right? Right? Through merit and legally
Right? So we'll do this quickly
This is illegal immigration
It's called Oh, listen to how quiet it is
Listen to how quiet
Now watch how quiet it gets
Gets so quiet
But this is all about I love you too
That was a guy that said that, but I love him too
I love everybody
Ready? So important
Illegal immigration
On our way to work one morning down the path along the lake, a tender hearted woman saw a poor half frozen snake
His pretty colored skin had been all frosted with the dew
Poor thing, she cried, I'll take you in and I'll take care of you
Take me in, oh tender woman, take me in for heaven's sake
Take me in, oh tender woman, sighed the vicious snake
She wrapped him up all cozy in a comforter of silk and laid him by her fireside with some honey and some milk
She hurried home from work that night and as soon as she arrived, she found that pretty snake she'd taken in had been fully, fully revived
Take me in, oh tender woman, take me in for heaven sake
Take me in, oh tender woman, sighed that vicious snake
She clutched him to her bosom
You're so beautiful, she cried
But if I hadn't brought you in by now, you truly would have died
She stroked his pretty skin again and kissed him and held him tight
But instead of saying thank you, the snake gave her a vicious bite
Take me in, oh tender woman, take me in for heaven's sake
Take me in, oh tender woman, sighed the vicious snake
I saved you, cried the woman, and you've bitten me, but why? You know your bite is poisonous and now I'm going to die
Shut up, silly woman, said the reptile with a grin
You knew damn well I was a snake before you took me in
Got to come in legally and through merit
Under my administration we're fully taking care of our own citizens first, including millions of African American and Hispanic Americans who are entitled to a government that protects their families and their communities
In this region of the country alone last year, ICE officers We love our ICE officers
The Democrats don't like them
The Democrats don't like them
ICE officers are the toughest human beings, and they love the country as much as anybody in this room
Last year alone they  in this room
Last year alone, they arrested over 2,000 criminal aliens charged or convicted of dangerous offenses including robbery, rape, and murder
Over 2,000 accused of murder, yet left wing politicians support sanctuary cities that release criminal aliens directly into the American community
One of guests at the State of the Union was American citizen, Jody Jones
I introduced him that night
His beloved brother, Rocky, was murdered by a criminal alien in California, shot him eight times at close range, wouldn't stop
Rocky's killer had been previously arrested many, many times, but under California's totally insane and outrageous sanctuary law, authorities were ordered to set him free
Tragically, left wing politicians in New Hampshire tried to replicate California's disastrous policies
Last year, the Democrat controlled New Hampshire house blocked legislation that would have banned sanctuary cities in your state
And by the way, you have a great governor, Chris Sununu
He's on top of it
He's on top of it
And his father is a great guy
His father didn't like me too much a few years ago
Once I won, I'm telling you, he was so good
He was as good
He fought like hell for us, all of us
It's a great family, and Chris is doing a fantastic job
If you want to shut down sanctuary cities, if you want to protect your family and your loved ones, you must vote Republican in 2020, November
And thanks to our tireless efforts to secure the border, we have reduced illegal border crossings eight straight months in a row
Illegal crossings are down now at record numbers and we've ended catch and release
You know what catch and release is? You catch an illegal alien by law
You then take his name and address
They don't have addresses
What's your address? What? They don't have addresses
They come into the country, they don't have addresses
So you take his name and then you have to release him into the country and you say, We'll see you in four years for your court case
We never see them
They never come back
We have seized record amounts of drugs
We have deported record numbers of gang members, MS-13 by the thousands
And we have done more to secure the border of our country than any administration in history
 Does anybody know who won Iowa? I don't know
Maybe Rander, Lindsey
Grant, does anybody know who won? Lindsey, you're a total pro
Nobody knows
He said nobody
Flip a coin
Flip a coin
Flip a coin
They're going to run your health care
Unbelievable
Nobody knows who won
Actually, I think they're trying to take it away from Bernie again
I think Bernie came in second
Can you believe it? They're doing it to you again, Bernie
They're doing it to you again
We're saving your healthcare while these socialist Democrats are trying to take away your healthcare
We are making healthcare better and much, much cheaper
You've seen what we did
We are protecting people with preexisting conditions and we always will
The Republican party always will
Always will
And we got rid of the most unpopular thing in the healthcare world, the individual mandate
We had to pay a fortune not to have pay a fortune
You paid a fortune not to pay a fortune for bad healthcare
And we got rid of it, saved a lot of money for a lot of people
And we're stopping surprise medical bills and making everything transparent
That's bigger than healthcare transparency and that'll go unfortunately into effect right around the election time
It would be nice if we could get it earlier, but it's all done
It's all signed
Because when providers are required to show you what the prices are, those prices are going to come tumbling down
Blood tests as an example, one hospital has them for $53
Another hospital, the same test, $2,415
Same exact test
And it may even be better, who knows? We're approving more generic drugs than ever before at any time in the history of our country
That's bringing prices down
We are defending your right to keep the doctor and to keep your plan
Remember President Obama, you could keep your plan
You could keep 28 times
You can keep your doctor
That didn't turn out very good
We should impeach him for that
Why aren't we impeaching him? 28 times, you can keep your doctor
We should impeach President Obama
Democrats are now the party of high taxes, high crime, open borders, late term abortion, socialism, and blatant corruption
The Republican party is the party of the American worker, the American family, the American dream, and the late great Abraham Lincoln, right? Abraham Lincoln
Republicans are fighting for citizens from every background, every community and every walk of life
We are the party of boundless optimism, excitement, energy, and enthusiasm
We love people
We are asking all Americans to join our incredible movement
People are signing up left and right
But if you want to vote for a weak candidate tomorrow, go ahead
Pick one
Pick the weakest one you think, I don't know who it is
We are a big party with big ideas for the future
Very big
We become a big party and an open-minded party and we're the party that people like
We're the hot party and we're the party with all the enthusiasm
We are fighting for school choice because no parent should ever be forced to send their child to a failing government school
Right? We pass criminal justice reform to give former prisoners a second chance at life
Most incredible thing that's happened
Prisoners never really had a shot
They'd get out, they couldn't get a job no matter what they did, and they'd go back
They'd go back to their ways
I mean, in many cases I guess they had no choice
It was a disaster
Now they're getting out and because our economy is so good and because of what we've done with criminal justice reform and other things like opportunities, zones, et cetera, they're getting jobs and employers are loving them
They're doing great
They're doing great
They are doing great first time ever
They're not going back
To uphold the rule of law, we have confirmed 191 federal judges who will interpret the Constitution as written
And as you know, we've also confirmed two great new Supreme Court justices
Thank you very much
Thank you, Grant
Thank you, Lindsey
Thank you
We have invested $2
2 trillion to rebuild the United States military, as I said, and I love saying it because we are funding for New Hampshire, the New Hampshire Army National Guard readiness centers just a few miles from here in Pembroke and in Concord
Concord, I love Concord
I love Concord
Oh, Concord
You know how famous Concord is? Concord
That's the same Concord that we read about all the time, right? Concord
I love Concord
I recognized Israel's true capital and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem
And we recognize Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights, been trying to do that for 52 years
We got it done
And for years you watched as your politicians  They really, I mean, they went out, I'd like to apologize for the behavior of the United States
No, no
We don't know we don't apologize anymore
We don't apologize
Now you have a president who is standing up for America and we are standing up for the great people of New Hampshire
Thank you
At stake in our present battle is to survival actually of our nation
If you want your children to inherit the blessings that generations of Americans have fought and died for to secure, then we must devote everything we have toward victory November 3rd, 2020
Only this way can we save the America we love and drain the Washington swamp once and for all
And I will tell you, that swamp is much worse than I thought when I was out here innocently campaigning
Let's drain the swamp
That swamp is a lot worse than anybody ever thought
That swamp is that dirty swamp
That's a dirty swamp
You have some really evil, dirty, horrible people
Like to say nice, everyone's nice
They're not good
They're not good people
But we're draining that sucker slowly but surely
With your help, we will lift millions of more of our citizens from welfare to work, dependence to independence and poverty to prosperity
Together, we will elect a Republican Congress to create a fair, sane, and lawful system of immigration
We will continue to enact new trade deals that result in more products proudly stamped with that beautiful phrase Made in the USA
We will achieve new breakthroughs in science and medicine, finding new cures for childhood cancer and ending the AIDS epidemic in America in less than 10 years
How about that? It'll be done
We will land the first woman in the moon and become the first nation in the world to plant its flag on Mars
We're very advanced
All made in the USA
We will defend privacy, free speech, religious liberty, and the right to-  keep and bear arms
We're going to protect your Second Amendments
By the way, they're going to take away everything
They're going to take away your wealth
They're going to take away your guns
They're going to take away everything
Above all, we will never stop fighting for the sacred values that bind us together as one America
We support, protect, and defend the Constitution of the United States
We stand with the incredible heroes of law enforcement
We believe in the dignity of work and the sanctity of life
We believe that faith and family, not government and bureaucracy, are the true American way
We believe that children should be taught to love our country, honor our history, and to always respect our great American flag
We live by the words of our national motto, In God we trust
From Nashua to Dixville, from Portsmouth to Plymouth, from Concord to Claremont, and from Meredith to right here in Manchester, we stand on the shoulders of red-blooded American Patriots who poured out their heart, sweat, and soul to secure our liberty and defend our freedom
New Hampshire was founded by tough frontier men and strong, powerful pioneer women who defied the dangers and raised their children to embrace the eternal motto, Live free or die
I love that motto
Live free or die
These courageous Americans tamed the wilderness, braved the elements, changed the hills, fought the battles, and helped make this the greatest nation ever to exist on the face of the Earth and we are making it greater
Every single day, greater than ever before
Proud citizens like you helped build this country and together we are taking back our country
We are returning power to you, the American people
That's what this is all about
With your help, your devotion, and your drive, we are going to keep on working
We are going to keep on fighting and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning
We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God
America is thriving like never before
And ladies and gentlemen of New Hampshire, the best is yet to come
Together we will make America wealthy again
We will make America strong again
We will make America proud again
We will make America safe again and we will make America great again
Thank you, New Hampshire
Thank you

Wow, thank you
Thank you, New Mexico
Thank you
We love being with you
We love being with you
Incredible people, incredible people
Thank you very much
And I'm thrilled to be here in Albuquerque with thousands of hard-working, freedom-loving American patriots
Thank you
Incredible
We're all united by the same love of our great country
And by the way, our country is doing great
You see it
The same devotion to family and the same profound faith that America is blessed by, the eternal grace of Almighty God
Good night to that person
Tomorrow they'll say, Massive protest
No, one person just going home to mommy a little bit sooner
Good night
But we're bound by these convictions
We will campaign for every vote, and we will win the great state of New Mexico in 2020
And by the way, you have thousands and thousands of people outside who can't get in
So we love you, we love you, we appreciate it
We try to get the biggest arena we can get, and they're never big enough, frankly
So there's something going on
And I always say, 2016, I don't know if there'll ever be another 2016
But right now it's like a great tree or a great plant, you plant it and it has to take hold
We have to win 2020
We're doing so well
We have to win 2020
And every day, and you know as well as I do, we're battling against the corrupt establishment of the past, and we're achieving historic victories for the American people
We're winning again
We're winning again, and we're winning big
We're winning big
Crucially for your state, we have ended the last administration's war on American energy
And since my election, natural gas productions, big story today, in New Mexico has increased by 40%, 4-0
And that means great wages, and it means jobs
And that's why you're breaking every single record in your state's book
Crude oil production in New Mexico has more than doubled, and going up a lot higher very quickly
And your state's energy revenues are up by nearly two-thirds
Think of that
Two-thirds
And that's in a short period of time
Give me a little bit more time, okay? The United States is now the number one producer of oil and natural gas anywhere in the world
And this means more jobs, higher wages, and American energy independence, which is what we have
A few years ago, if we had a problem like you saw two days ago in the Middle East, we would've been in a panic
Although, not if I were your president
We never panic
We don't want to panic
But a few years ago, they would have been in a panic
Today we got a lot of oil, we got a lot of gas
We got a lot of oil and gas
We don't have to send too many boats over there
Did you notice the other day, they were saying, We don't see too many American ships anymore
You know why? Because we don't need  We're independent, as independent as we want
And we are now a net exporter of energy
Revenues from energy production provide up to 25% of your state's budget and going much higher in the very near future
And they've generated nearly a billion-dollar budget surplus in New Mexico
Thank you very much, president Trump
Thank you
Now, under the Green New Deal, that all goes away
That all goes away
It all goes away
You can forget it
No more cows, no more airplanes, no more trips
A single car
Make it electric
Single car
You're not allowed to travel more than 162 miles
They'll call us the hermit nation
We'll never leave our house
No, it's crazy
But that's okay
I don't want to bring it up because I don't want to do it too early
Maybe they'll change, and I don't want them to change
But think of it for you, and for Texas, and for so many other places, they want to get rid of your energy
I mean, explain that one
Explain that
Yet, every major Democrat running for president, they want to abolish all production of oil and natural gas
In other words, the Democrats want to completely annihilate New Mexico's economy
The Democrats want us to be subservient to foreign producers
They want us to be at the mercy of rogue regimes
That's not happening anymore
It's been a long time
It's been a long time
It's not happening anymore
But Democrats will never get the chance because New Mexico will never give them that chance
Under this administration, America is working again
America is winning again
And America is respected again, like it hasn't been for a long time
And I can tell you because I meet so many of the leaders, and their presidents, and their kings, and their queens, and their prime ministers, and their everything, dictators every once in a while
Every once in a while, you get an a rogue dictator
And I'll tell you, they always start off, today I had the Crown Prince of Bahrain, and they come in and they say, Sir, I'd like to congratulate you on what you've done with the economy of the United States
It's a model for the entire world
They all say it
And earlier today  Do we have any baseball fans? Right? Right? You know what I'm going to say
But earlier today in the White House, I had the honor of awarding the Presidential Medal of Freedom, that's the highest civilian award, to someone who truly embodies the American dream, baseball legend, the greatest, by the way, the greatest relief pitcher of all time, you look at those records, Mariano Rivera
He was something
The Yankees won a lot of World Series because of Mariano
Great guy
We gave him the medal
Done so much for charity
A fantastic man, fantastic family
It was a beautiful day at the White House, so it was good
My administration is fighting to empower all Americans to reach their dreams and achieve their potential
We have created six million new jobs since election day
The fake news would never have allowed us to say that during the campaign, even as a projection
Unemployment recently reached its lowest rate in over 50 years
More than seven million Americans have been lifted off of food stamps
Nearly 600,000 Americans came into the labor force last month alone
Think of that
Wages in your state, New Mexico, are growing at a rate of much more than 3% a year, which is unheard of 20 years ago
And I used to say during the campaign, you go back, it's hard to believe, I'm here almost three years  Can you believe how time is flying? Can you believe it? I don't know about it me, but you look all much better than you did three years ago
You're wealthier
And even with the Me Too movement, we can't say this, but I'll say it anyway, you're better looking, including the men, including the men
Now you're all looking good
Since my election, the number of new business applications for New Mexico has increased by almost 30%, more than any state in the United States
Think of that
More than any state in the United States
So essentially, that's saying you're in a certain category, which is a very important category, you're doing better than any state in the United States
How do I lose New Mexico? Explain that one, right? How do we lose that one? And yet, for whatever reason, it's been quite a while since a Republican won this state
But we're going to win this state
And I think we're going to win this state easy
You had to see the people all the way in from the airport
That was a long drive by the way, 35 minutes
That was a long drive
But all the way in, we had people, and they were waving
And I didn't see any negative hand gesture, right? No, I think we're going to do great here
And we're here for a number of reasons, but we're here because we really think we're going to turn this state and make it a Republican state
Yesterday marked the beginning of the Hispanic Heritage Month
Who is Hispanic here? Latinos for Trump
Thank you
Incredible people
But we have much to celebrate
Unbelievable when you think, the unemployment for Hispanic-Americans is right now at the lowest level ever recorded in the history of our country
Hispanic-American poverty reached a brand new all-time low in history
And after years of stagnation that you know very well, wages for Hispanic-Americans are rising really fast, up nearly 8% since my election
Those are unheard of numbers
They're unheard of
And median income, think of that, median income for Hispanic-Americans surpassed $50,000 for the first time ever
That's your median
That's not bad
That means you're wealthy and you're getting wealthier fast
And I just want to tell you it's an honor
But when I'm on the debate stage debating one of these far left radical Democrats, whoever it may be, and they start telling you what they're going to do for you, and you say, But we have the best numbers, every category, that we've ever had
Hispanic-Americans  excuse me, New Mexico as a whole, we have the best numbers
African-Americans, the best numbers that we've ever had in the history of our country
Asian-Americans, the best numbers that we've ever had in history
Women, the best numbers that we've had in 71 years
We're working night and day to deliver a future of limitless opportunity for our nation's Hispanic-American citizens, including millions and millions of extraordinary Mexican-Americans who enrich our society, strengthen our country, serve in our military, and contribute immensely to our shared American family
And I want to just tell you that Mexico is doing a great job for us on the border, and I want to thank the president of Mexico
You know, it's very interesting, I hear everybody screaming, well, you know we're building the wall, and it's going up, and it's going up fast
And if you think that's easy with the Democrats who control the House, we have to take it back, but if you think it's easy  But we're building a lot of wall
We'll have almost 500 miles of wall built by the end the next year, and it's making a big difference
500 miles
But you know we won a big case two months ago in the Supreme Court that allowed us to do what we're doing
This has been  I'll tell you what
Ready? Another president would have given up a long time ago
We don't give up
So we're building the wall, the Army Corps of Engineers, we're doing a beautiful job
It's a great, it's a great structure
It's a great structure
You're going to have to really want to get over that wall, to do it
But it was very interesting because, not too long ago, I saw where the Hispanic-American, the Hispanics, were up with me in a poll, 17%
And everyone said, How is that? How is that? How is that? 17%
Up by 17%
I won't even tell you what the final number was because they won't believe it, but you're going to see what the final number  But you know why? Because the Hispanic-Americans, they understand, they don't want criminals coming across the border
They don't want people taking their jobs
They want to have that security, and they want the wall
They want the wall
And we have a man in the audience who is, I think, the best dressed man in this entire place, including me, right here
Look at him
Come here
Look at him
Look at this guy
And he's been to a couple of rallies too, haven't you? Huh? We have some people, a group of people the other day, you know, we had a victory in North Carolina that was unbelievable
Two of them
One of them, it was going to be very, very close
Here's another one of my friends
Thank you
I like that beautiful red tie you're wearing
But we had a victory, two victories, North Carolina, where one was 17 points down three weeks ago, we got involved, we started sending out lots of different social media messages, we did a couple of little robo calls, but the big thing, we did a speech the night before
The turnout was beyond belief
And instead of being down by 17 points, he easily won the election 4,000 or 5,000 votes
Dan, thank you, Dan
Thank you, Dan Bishop
And Greg Murphy was up a couple of points, and he ended up winning, I don't know, I'd ask the media, but they won't give me how many  What did he get? Do you know? Like 20, 21? He won by a lot
He won by a lot
I'd asked them, but we're not going to get a straight answer
They were not happy
They were not happy
I'll tell you, Tuesday night, the fake news was not happy
They had their studios all built
CNN had their A- list talent
They don't have A-list talent, but they had the best they could have
And they were all set
This was going to be the end of Trump, because this man was going to lose
But he turned out to be tough and smart
And in all fairness, I helped a lot too
And toward the end of the night, they started dismantling that studio
Probably it would have been there for four weeks
This is the end
But we had two great victories, congressional victories, on Tuesday night
And it was something
The one gentleman won by a number that nobody thought even possible, so much
And the other won a race that he was way, way, way back
In fact, I shouldn't tell you this, but my geniuses, my people, some of those people standing right there, right there, some of them right there, they said, Sir, don't get involved in that race, sir
You can't come back from 17 points, sir
It's too much
I said, But you know, I really like the guy
I think he's great
Let's give it a shot
They say, Sir, if you lose, they will never, ever  It'll be much worse
I said, Let me tell you, I know them very well
Whether I help him or don't help him, it's going to be the same
It's going to be a disaster
So let's help him
And we campaigned, and we worked hard, right? They said, Don't do it, sir
Don't do it
Please don't do it, sir
It'll be very embarrassing
I said, No, I don't mind being embarrassed
I don't mind being embarrassed
We're also very proud that unemployment among Native Americans has reached the lowest rate in nearly two decades
And we're building an amazing future for citizens of every background, race, religion, color, and creed
And that's what we have
That's what we have
Race, religion, color, and creed
But the radical left Democrats want to demolish everything that we've gained
They want to raise your taxes
They want to bury you in regulation
They want to take away your health insurance, 180 million Americans
They want to erase American history, crush religious liberty, indoctrinate our students with left-wing ideology
And left-wing Democrats want to confiscate your guns and eliminate your God-given right to self-defense
You know that
As your president, I will never allow them to take away your liberty, your dignity, and your social security
And I will never, ever allow them to take away your sacred right to keep and bear arms
The left tries to threaten, bully, intimidate Americans into submission
They use Democrat prosecutors and phony congressional committees whenever they can
They'll do whatever they can to demean you, to libel you
They try to blacklist, coerce, cancel, or destroy anyone who gets in their way
Look at what they're doing today to Justice Kavanaugh
Look at what they're doing
Did you see the New York Times? Did you see what they're doing? Did you see what Democrats, they're calling for his resignation
They're calling for his impeachment
And the woman involved said she didn't know anything
But they still, so the New York Times had to put out a major apology, and they had to change their story
The woman said, I don't remember that
Can you believe? And they still want him to be impeached
And I just put out a statement
And he's a great man, by the way, a great talent
A great brilliant man, Brett Kavanaugh
and I just put out a statement on social media that said, I don't think they'll do it, but they should, for the good of the nation, I call for the resignation of everybody at the New York Times involved in the Kavanaugh smear story
And while you're at it, the Russian witch-hunt hoax, which is just as phony a story
They've taken, the old gray lady, do you know the New York Times, for years, the old gray lady, so prestigious, they've taken the old great lady and broken her down, destroyed her virtue, and ruined her reputation
She can never recover, and will never return to greatness under current management
The Times is dead
Long live The New York Times
Long lived The New York Times
And I do want it to live, but they have to be, they have to change their ways
Think of it, they wrote a story about somebody that said she doesn't remember this
Can you even believe it? And yet, all of these radical left crazies are in judiciary committee and all of these committees that are set up to hurt the country
With all that we have going, with Saudi Arabia, with Iran, with China trade deal, with Russia, with North Korea, with all that we have going, look at the cards that we've been dealt, lucky we won the election in 2016, believe me
With all that we have going, they say, Let's impeach Justice Kavanaugh, one of the smartest, most brilliant students, top at Yale, incredible life, incredible family
Let's impeach him
It's a made-up story
Let's impeach President Trump
Think of that
The Muller Report came out
Think of this
This crazy Mueller Report comes out, 18 Trump haters, liberal Democrats, some worked for Hillary Clinton, they found nothing
No, think of it
After two years, they found nothing
They spent $40 million
There's not a person in the room that I couldn't find something on with that
They spent, think of it, they found nothing
No collusion, no obstruction, no nothing
To stop the far left's campaign of destruction, you must vote Republican
And you're going to get the chance very soon
We're joined tonight by many terrific Republican leaders, and somebody that's done an incredible job, she ran Michigan for me
And as you know, for the presidential races, Michigan hadn't been won in decades, and she kept saying, Could you come back, sir? I didn't know who she was
I said, Who the heck is the woman in Michigan that keeps asking? She said, Sir, if you keep coming back, you're going to win Michigan
Hasn't been won in decades
And I won Michigan
Remember that great, great night? November
That great, great night
Donald Trump has won the great state of Michigan
And they were going crazy on television
They were going, that was not a good night- Going crazy on television
They were going, that was not a good night for certain people
Remember the couple of people that were crying? I guess they don't like a strong military
They don't like cutting regulations
They don't like low taxes
They don't like Right to Try, you know Right to Try
All these things we've done
For the Vets, we got choice
We got choice for the Vets
Choice
Everybody said it was impossible
We've rebuilt our military
I told this story for the first time today
A general came into my office in my first few weeks, you remember? It was a little dangerous out there
President Obama left us with a few beauties, right? And I said to this general, You better be prepared, because this is looking like it could really be conflict
And he looked at me and he goes, Sir, we have very little ammunition
I said, Say it again
And I want to tell you the words, very little, he didn't use because it was less than that
And I said, I never want to see a president in a position like that, where we may have conflict, and a general looks at him and said, We have very little/ no ammunition
' I never want a president of the United States to be in that position
And since then, three years, $700 billion we've spent, then $716 billion
And now, $738 billion
And our military is by far the greatest in the world
There's nobody that even comes close
So anyway, no president should ever be put in that position
And by the way, no president should ever have to go through what I've gone through either
That should never happen
What happened is a disgrace to our country
No president should ever have to go through it
And I'll tell you what, 99% of them would never have been able to take it
They wouldn't have been able to take it
But we won the great state of Michigan, and now we're doing really well, because we've moved a lot of car companies
I tell Japan, sorry, big deficits with all these countries, we're changing it, but you've got to get car companies
We're building car companies now in Michigan
They're not going to be leaving for lots of other countries, including China, including Mexico
They're going to stay home, and they're going to pay you a lot of money, and everybody's going to be happy
But Michigan's doing great
And Ronna McDaniel was the Republican Party chair of Michigan
So when we won the election, I said, Let's get the woman from Michigan to run the RNC
And she has done an incredible job
Thank you Ronna
A great gentleman who loves the Republican Party, co-chairman, Tommy Hicks
Tommy, what a job
New Mexico Republican party chairman
Steve Pearce
My friend and a really talented guy, he just gets the hell knocked out of him all the time
Brad Parscale
What a job he's doing, Brad
Great job, Brad
Great job
And another great friend of mine, somebody that was on CNN, and they didn't like him because he was too positive on Trump
Can you believe it? He happens to be Hispanic
He happens to be Hispanic, but I've never quite figured it out, because he looks more like a wasp than I do
So I haven't figured that one out
But I'll tell you what
There is nobody that loves his country more or Hispanic more than Steve Cortez, Steve
Thank you Steve
Nobody loves the Hispanics more
Who do you like more, the country or the Hispanics? He says the country
I don't know
I may have to go for the Hispanics to be honest
We got a lot of Hispanics
We love our Hispanics
Get out and vote
You know, just before the last election, the Cubans from Miami where we got a tremendous percentage of the vote, close to 90%
they gave me the Bay of Pigs award
Can you imagine, right? The Bay of Pigs award
And the Venezuelans and the Cubans are all for Trump, I will tell you that
They're all for Trump
They like what we're doing
With the help of, and Steve, I want to thank you very much by the way, and you were incredible on CNN, and now you'll get a real job
Okay? Steve, that audience wasn't big enough for you
Their ratings aren't good
With the help of everyone here tonight, we're taking power out of Washington and giving it back to the great people of our country, and to the people of New Mexico
We've cut a record number of job-killing regulations, saving the average American household $3,000
We passed the largest package of tax cuts and reforms in American history
What that means is a typical family of four in New Mexico making $75,000 has seen their tax bill reduced by more than $2,000
And it's one of the reasons that as the world is not doing great, you look at Europe, and you look at Asia, and China's not doing too well
I must be honest with you, worst year in 57 years, I'd say that's not good
But I hope they still like me
And we've taken in tens of billions of dollars worth of tariffs, and we've given those tariffs, and by the way, China's eating the tariffs, they're devaluing their currency, the prices are very similar
They're eating the tariffs
And out of the tens of billions we gave our great farmers, because they were targeted by China, because China knows, very smart, that the farmers love Trump, and Trump loves the farmers
I said to our Secretary of Agriculture, Sonny Perdue, I said, Sonny, how much did the farmers get hit by China targeting them and pulling back and doing all sorts of things? He said, $16 billion
I said, That's okay
We'll take $16 billion out of a much, much, much larger number
We're going to give it to the farmers, so that they're even
And I tell you, the farmers do love Trump, they do love Trump
And to keep New Mexico's farms, ranches, and small businesses in the family, we eliminated the unfair estate tax or death tax, so that you can now give your farm or your ranch to your children
Now, if you don't like your children, don't do it
But when it's your time to kick the bucket, you worked hard
You have great kids, you love your kids, they're taking care of you
You really love them
It's a great thing
If you don't love them, don't even listen to the last line, because it won't matter
Don't leave it to them
If they're not good, leave it to charity
Leave it to something else
Don't get it to them
I know a guy who can't stand his children, they're horrible, horrible human beings
They're a little older now, but they're horrible human beings
He wants to leave his wealth
I said, Why would you leave them? They don't even like you
But on the assumption that you love your children, you'll be able to use small farms and your ranches and things
You'll be able to leave them to your children
Your children won't have to go out and borrow a fortune to pay tax
They won't be losing it to the banks five years later
We got rid of it
That's a big deal
Thank you
Thank you
Our shared Republican agenda is pro-worker, pro-jobs, pro-family, pro-growth, and 100% pro-American
For many decades, our leaders put global interests and special interests ahead of your interests
You know that, in New Mexico, you know exactly what I'm talking about
People came in, they took your jobs, they had no border, they had no border control
Look at what's going on now, how we're doing
I mean, honestly, I mentioned the president of Mexico
We have today 27,000 Mexican soldiers on the border protecting our country
And I'll take it
Because our laws are so bad, they're so pathetic
And the Democrats could change these laws
They could change them so quickly
We could change them all in less than an hour
We could, whether it's asylum, whether it's any of the laws, we have so many of them that are so bad
How they got that, it took years and years to end up
But we have the Mexican soldiers out there
You see them, and they're stopping people
The numbers are plummeting down
So I just want to thank all of the representatives of Mexico
Amazing
Well, we've got to get rid of the loopholes
You know, the word is loopholes, and the Democrats could do it fast
But in the meantime, we're doing really well
And as the wall goes up, it becomes less and less of a problem, because as the wall gets up, people aren't getting through
I mean you got to be a a world class pole vaulter, or a world class Mount Everest type climber
There's not too many around like that
It's really doing the trick
The failed liberal establishment in Washington squandered your tax dollars, shipped away your jobs, sacrificed your sovereignty, and bogged us down in one foreign war, or debacle, call it whatever you want after another
And that's changing also, you see what's happening, and when these rich countries think we're going to pay for their military every year, billions and billions and billions, and they're rich, and they take our business and we're supposed to, on top of everything else, I could tell you stories, but I'm going to save them for the campaign
Because to be honest, this is a little earlier than the campaign
Wait until this campaign starts, you know, like I was telling Brad and I was telling a few of the folks, one thing I don't want to do, Michael back there, Michael, hello
What a job he's done
But I'm telling them I don't want to do this too early
I don't want to do it
You know the Pocahontas thing, I did that, it was before its time
Right? It was before it's time
Too early
1,024
That means I have more Indian blood than she does, and I have none, unfortunately
I'd like to say I have a lot
Got to get me another 4%
maybe another 10%
but I was early with her, and frankly, oh it's coming back, don't worry about her
But those days are over under this administration
We are finally putting America first
Putting it first
We're reversing decades of calamitous trade policies that ravished our industries and devastated communities all across our land
You see the factories, empty buildings, empty hulks
Some have been demolished, some have been reconverted into senior citizen housing and housing
But all those jobs are gone, and we're bringing them back
They're coming back like almost never before
Probably, I can say they're coming back like never before
People are coming back now, because they want to be where the action is
And this is the country where they have the security, and where they do have the action
In my first week in office, I proudly withdrew from the last administration's job-destroying and this was a catastrophe
You know, the Trans-Pacific Partnership, TPP, this would have destroyed the automobile business in our country
Now New Mexico, you know that you were totally devastated by another disaster known as NAFTA
Your state lost 33% of its manufacturing jobs after NAFTA was signed
This was one of the great catastrophes
And now we're replacing NAFTA with the brand new US-Mexico-Canada Agreement, USMCA
Think of the song YMCA
YMCA
Think of the song
USMCA, that's US-Mexico-Canada Agreement
And it's drawing strong Bipartisan support from all across your state, and all across the country
It's amazing
I want to just, yeah
the Dona Ana County Board of Commissioners, all Democrats just unanimously endorsed the USMCA, and urged Congress to pass it immediately
Thank you very much commissioners
All Democrats
Hopefully they'll put it up for a vote
Nancy Pelosi, they put it up for vote
It's going to be very popular
The Republicans love it, and the Democrats love it, and frankly, labor loves it
Unions love it
Farmers love, love, love it, and everybody wants it
Your farmers, your ranchers, everybody wants it
It's an incredible agreement
And Mexico's already passed it, and Canada's ready to pass it, soon as we do
See, they don't maybe trust us, that's why
They say, Why aren't you passing it now? They say, Oh, we'll pass it
They're going to pass it as soon as we do
Past leaders invited China to freely loot and pillage the United States economy
China's been taking out from 300 billion to $500 billion a year
Billion, not million
Billion
Think of what $500 billion is
We've rebuilt China, but now it's a different ball game
Somebody had to do something with China
President Obama should have done it
Presidents Bush should have done it
President Clinton should have done it
They all should have done it
Frankly, they all should have done a lot of things that we're doing right now
So if you look at it, nobody did it, so I'm doing it, and that's what's going to happen
We're doing well
So now we're taking in billions and billions of dollars from China
When in the past, we never got 25 cents
We never got money
We never got anything
You know what we got? Unemployment and losses
And some cheap pencils
More than we needed
You could do with one less pencil
Following decades of outsourcing and offshoring, our jobs and factories are coming back home where they belong
If foreign companies do not want to pay our tariffs, there is one very simple solution
Come and make your product in America
Come and make your product in New Mexico
And by the way, I'm just seeing this great group of people, this spirit, is there any place in the world that's more fun or more exciting than a Trump rally? Really? Is there anything? When you think about it, it's not about fun
It's about achievement
Because what we've achieved in the last almost three years is unparalleled
There's never been an administration that in the first two and a half years has done what we've been able to do or achieve
In a few short weeks, we'll be up to 180, sounds impossible, federal judges including court of appeals judges
Because President Obama did us a great favor when I came in, I said, I assume I have no judges to appoint
No sir, you have 138 judges
138? Didn't put them up, couldn't get them approved
I don't know what happened, but we started off with 138, now we're up to 180
I just signed my 150th federal judge, and court of appeals judge, and we already have two great Supreme Court justices, Gorsuch, and Kavanaugh
Great, great men
So think of that
You know, you come in, and I've always heard the most important thing a president does, I disagree with this by the way, but that's okay
I disagree with a lot of things
Because I think the most important thing is our military, and protecting our country, right? But have you listened to the so-called Washington elite, now why are they elite? We do better than they do, we're smarter than them
We make more money, we have better houses, we have better everything, and then they say the elite
That means you're the super elite
I've always take offense when somebody said, President Trump is tired of listening to the elite
I said, No, no, I'm more elite than them
Right? I think so
I mean, if we go by the old standards, better houses, better schools, made much more money, lived better, had everything going, and then I decide to run for president
And I'll be honest, while we have to put up with these people, and others are, it's incredible
But it's the greatest single decision I've ever made, because our country is turning around so rapidly
I could not be happier, despite what they put us all through
Could not be happier
After years of building up other countries, we're finally building up our country
Isn't that nice? It's time to finally take care of our own
And we're all so aggressively combating the opioid epidemic, which is horrible
And as a result of our nonstop efforts, and billions and billions of dollars invested, last year we saw the first nationwide decline in drug overdose deaths, and it was a very big decline in nearly three decades
30 years
And at the center of America's drug crisis, this is where the Hispanics know it better than anybody
People said, Oh, the Hispanics won't like a wall
I said, I think they're going to love it
They won't like border security
I think they going to love it
You know why? Because you understand it better than other people, but at the whole center of this crisis is the drugs that are pouring in, and you understand that when other people don't understand it
The border crisis, every day dangerous criminal cartels smuggle vast quantities of lethal narcotics across your Southern border, including heroin, meth, cocaine, and fentanyl, and we're stopping them now
You see the kind of numbers, we're getting millions and millions and millions of dollars worth
We've had some shipments where it could kill half of the country, some of the fentanyl and some of the bad, really bad stuff
If it were distributed, it could actually, has the power to kill half of the country
This is like a warlike situation
That's why you're liking Trump, because you're not going to let that happen
If you want to stop the drug smugglers and the human traffickers, how about the human traffic and they traffic really for the most part in women, that's what they traffic in, it's women
They're not trafficking in men
They capture women, and they bring them across the open borders, and they don't go through ports of entry, where you have guards standing there with guns and rifles and everything else
They go out into the desert areas, and they hang a left, or they hang a right and they come in, but now when you have a wall, they can't do that
Right? They can't do that
And so many of these Democrats that are against the wall, it's common sense? Look, you know what I saw the other day? Where the Democrats are having their convention, their national convention, they just gave out a tremendous contract
You know what it's for? They're building a big wall around the building, they're building a big wall
A massive wall
We should tell them, open borders
Let anybody come in
And a few years ago, almost every one of these, they're on tape
That's the problem with politics
Three years ago, they could say, look, I saw Senator Schumer, I saw Nancy I saw all of them
They said, No, we need a wall
We must have a wall
President Obama, We must have a wall
We must stop people from coming into our country illegally
We have to stop it
We need a wall
Now, a few years later, they don't want a wall
You know why? Because anything I want, they want to do the opposite
And that's okay
That's the only reason
But if you want to stop the drug smugglers, human traffickers and vicious MS-3 gang members, which we're taking out every year by the thousands, and getting them the hell out of our country, because of ICE
And if you want to stop all these people from threatening our communities and poisoning our youth, you know it's poisoning our youth
That's what it is, it's nothing other than that, it's very simple
They're poisoning our youth
You have only one choice
You must elect Republicans
And to be honest with you, you've got to elect President Trump
We need four more years
President Trump
How about these phony Democrats? They started with Russia, Russia, Russia
That turned out to be be a fraud
That turned out to be a fraud
Then they went to race
Do you believe that one? Race
I'm the least racist person in this room
Then they went to recession, there's going to be a recession
Oh please, let there be a recession, please
Because we have a better chance of defeating him if there's a recession
And unfortunately, the stock market's only a few points from its all time high, which we've broken on, I think it's well over a hundred times
We broke the all time record
And now they have a new one
And I'm enriching myself
Let me tell you, by doing this and taking this particular job, which I love, it will cost me billions and billions of dollars, but if somebody from the Middle East that I never saw before, comes in and stays in one of my hotels for an evening, and pays $439, emoluments
Nobody ever heard the word emolument before
Emolument, nobody ever heard that word, emolument
He's enriching himself
If somebody buys a tank of gas in Scotland, from an airport that I don't own, and they happen to go to a hotel, he's enriching himself, like 20 people, I'm going to lose billions of dollars, and that's okay
I expected to do that when I did it
I didn't know what would happen if I lost
Can you imagine? Supposing I lost, and we would have had the same basic rhetoric
I mean, winning was great
Supposing, you know, I'm doing all the things
I'm telling you all the same sort of things
Supposing I didn't make it
I'd have to go around
I would've lost and lost billions, then I would have been really unhappy
But I'll tell you what, I expected that when I did this, in terms of opportunity, in terms of certain places, they can never do as well when you have this kind of rhetoric, they can never do
So I'll lose billions of dollars, always expected
They say, I enrich myself because somebody is going to stay at my hotel
It doesn't work that way folks
And these are very, very dishonest people, and they know it
So they've given up on every other hoax, but it doesn't work that way
You know it too
You get it
The democrat agenda of open borders places vast burdens on your communities, and your schools, and your hospitals, and public safety all at the expense of hardworking New Mexico families, and throughout our country
Sheriffs, and commissioners from nine Mexico counties recently sent a letter to your state's congressional delegation begging them to vote for strong border security they want in New Mexico
They don't want open borders
They don't want criminals pouring into your communities, and doing what they do, and we won't even talk about that
They want strong, these are people that are with you in many cases, Democrats
They write letters, we need strong border security
In San Diego, California is very difficult
Always complaining, not doing great, but they wanted a wall in San Diego, good mayor in San Diego by the way
They wanted a wall
And I said, You know what, let's build it someplace else
Because California, you know, once we build it, they'll complain
But then I said, You know, the people are pouring in
They needed it
They're pouring into San Diego, like going all over the place
And people that had houses, they didn't like people running over their gardens all day long, coming in from the other side
So we put up a wall, and I thought everybody would be happy
As soon as it was finished, the day it was finished, I was notified
We didn't want the wall
Why did you do the wall? And I will tell you, in other words, it's all a game
I'd love to take the sucker down and move it right now to New Mexico
And if I did that, they'd go crazy
And they'd say, Please sir, don't do that
Please, please
The same people that are saying, We don't want a wall
Why did you put up a wall? And I knew that was going to happen
I told my people that was going to happen
But they're very happy with their wall
Most of them won't say it
They love it
It stopped it only stopped 99
9% of the people coming in
And the only reason I'm not moving it to New Mexico is that it would cost more money to move it than to build you a brand new, beautiful wall, so I'll give you a brand new beautiful wall
 New beautiful wall, I'll give you a brand-new one
It's true
It's true
I actually priced it out
It's true
These contractors, all my life I've been deal They can find a way to make money
Sir, it'll cost more money to move the wall that they built a new one
They have it, but the commission your commissioners wrote, I quote, Our communities do not have the resources nor the budgets to handle the massive influx of immigrants we are experiencing
This is your commissioners writing to us in Washington
Our scarce resources are in danger of being rapidly depleted to the point that we will be unable to effectively care for our own citizens, you, and our existing homeless populations, many of whom are American veterans, right? So, Democrats put illegal aliens before American citizens
Republicans believe that we must take care of our own citizens first
I'm sorry
That includes millions of hardworking, lawful immigrants who waited in line, followed the rules, and came into our country legally
And among those hardest hit by illegal immigration are Hispanic Americans who obey our laws, pay their taxes, contribute to our communities and play by the rules, and they're the ones that want to see something done and we are doing it at a level that nobody else would be capable of doing it
Whether you're a first generation or a 10th generation, every American citizen deserves a government that defends your jobs, your safety, your family, and is always loyal to you
Your politicians have not been loyal to you
They have been loyal to themselves
The Democrats are also trying to turn every city in America into a sanctuary for criminal aliens, and that's one of the very good reasons we won on Tuesday night, North Carolina, because they let people out of their sanctuary city and what those people did, I will not tell you tonight, but it wasn't good
It's one of the reasons we had big victories, two of them in North Carolina, sanctuary cities
And plenty of people, even in California where they have sanctuary cities, they don't want sanctuary cities
The politicians do, but they don't want them
Right here in New Mexico, Democrats are trying to turn you into a total sanctuary state, creating a safe harbor for dangerous criminal aliens and gang members that sanctuary policies release from jail
Now, think of it
They want to make your whole state a sanctuary state
So, when MS-13 comes in, and I told you before, we take them out by the thousands and they're tough
They're tough, but our ICE folks are even tougher
There's nobody tougher
I would say naive, but maybe it's much worse than that
They're naive, these politicians
The naive politicians, they don't want ICE to come in
They don't want to take these criminals out
And if you don't take them out and they're in New Mexico, I got to tell you something, folks
You got problems
You got problems
You've got big problems
Republicans believe our cities should be sanctuaries for law abiding Americans, not for criminal aliens
And Republicans will always support the heroes of ICE, border patrol and our great law enforcement
The Democrat party Do you notice I always say the Democrat party? You know, before I came, they were all calling it Democratic because it sounds better, right? It does
It's much nicer
The Democratic party is much nicer than the Democrat party, but their name is the Democrat party, and I'm not looking for them to sound nice
I want to give their name
So, I always say the Democrat party, but that's their name, the Democrat party
Frankly, they should probably change it because it does And then I'd call them the Democratic party, but the Democrat party has never been farther outside the mainstream
Every major That's a nasty fly
I don't like those suckers
I don't know about you in New Mexico, but I'm not into flies or mosquitoes
I don't like snakes too much
We have plenty of them in New York and Washington, a different variety
I don't like snakes either
We got a lot of snakes in Washington DC
We got a lot of steaks in New York
I don't like either kind of snake
I think I like the kind on the ground better than the ones we have in Washington
Every major Democrat running for president supports a massive government takeover of healthcare that would destroyed Medicare as we know it today
My administration will protect Medicare and defend your right to choose the plan and the doctor that is best for you
And we will always protect patients with preexisting conditions
The Republicans will always do that
Our ambitious campaign to reduce the price of prescription drugs has produced the largest decline in drug prices in more than 50 years
You don't hear this because the fake news doesn't want to write about it
Sometimes I'll have a news conference about something that's so good and I'll say, you know I'll call my wife, first lady, first lady
People love our first lady
I'll say, Wait until you see television tonight, and we did something that was so great, whatever it may be
We did a lot of things
We did something so great and it won't be on, but if there's something that's just slightly negative or even if it's good that they could turn negative, that's what they like best
Take something good and turn it negative
It's breaking We have breaking news
We have breaking news
These are phony people, but that's okay
You know, when you think of it, I'm president and they're not
Crazy
It's crazy
You know, sometimes I'll be in the oval office and I'll be with my people
We have great people, and I'll say, You know, and it's great comm in the oval office
You don't like to hear about it because you don't hear about it too much
That's not what they But we have great comm considering it's pretty wild stuff going on in the world, right? But I'll be saying, You know, they don't treat us right
They don't treat us right
It's not fair
It's not this
And then I'll just sit back, I'll say, But we're in the oval office and they're not
It's pretty amazing
It's pretty amazing
And when you have the Democrat party and the press, the media, the lame stream media, the fake news, and they're partners They are partners, okay? Remember the word Manufactured? They used the word manufacturer on something, never been used for that thing, and every news gets The manufactured crisis started
The next one, This crisis was manufactured
Every one of them used the word Manufactured
They know what I'm talking about now
Now, that's called collusion, folks
That's real collusion
You have that, and so you have the Democrats, you have the media, their partners
Then you have the deep state
We're getting rid of a lot of them
I'll tell you, we're finding them left and right
Boom
You take a look at what I'll tell you what
I'll tell you what
You take a look at what we're doing with all of the things
I'm not going to get into detail, but you know what I'm talking about
Clean the swamp
That's the ultimate cleaning of the swamp
And then I hate to say this, but we have some Republicans, they're not good
You call them a rhino
They're rhinos
The rhinos are worse, and some of them are worse than the Obama people, right? They're worse than the Obama people
They're worse than the Clinton people, but there aren't too many of them left
They're pretty much on respirators
They're gasping
They're gasping for air, but we do have some bad people that you wouldn't believe
I didn't hear you
Why did you say why? What? I didn't hear that
Virtually, every top Democrat also now supports late-term abortion, ripping babies straight from the mothers right up until the moment of birth, and that's why I've asked Congress to prohibit extreme late-term abortion because Republicans believe that every child is a sacred gift from God
It's true
Right? I see it
Just like mom, I see it
Democrats are now the party of high taxes, high crime, open borders, late-term abortion, and socialism
The Republican party is the party of the American worker, the American family, and it is the party of the American dream
We've achieved record funding for the US military
All of that money, trillions and trillions of dollars spent all produced right here in the good old USA
And I have to tell you, New Mexico, I know you're going to like this
A lot of those trillions because you know when you do the 716 and the 730 and the 700 -billion, all of a sudden you're in trillions and I can save a lot of lines when I just say trillions
A lot of that money's going to be spent in the state of the art military equipment that's being used at Holloman Air Force Base, White Sands Missile Range, Kirkland Air Force Base and many other vital New Mexico military installations that are going up as we speak
That's also jobs, but more importantly than even jobs, incredible
What you've done for the military, New Mexico, is incredible and we've remembered, but we're pouring a lot of money into New Mexico and that means a lot of good things
And we're investing in our nation's nuclear security, including right here in New Mexico and Sandia National Laboratories and Los Alamos National Laboratory
To protect American security, I withdrew the United States from the horrible one-sided Iran nuclear deal
It was no good and we oppose the toughest ever sanctions on the Iranian regime
Watch how that works out, folks
That'll be very good
I recognized Israel's true capitol and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem
And don't forget what I did for Israel with respect to Golan Heights
Don't forget, right? For years, you watched as your politicians apologize for America
Now, you have a president who is standing up for America and we are standing up for New Mexico
And you must never forget
Get out there and vote and get ready and get everybody
We need it because we're fighting a lot of forces, including Facebook, I saw, and Google, I saw
Did you see Google? He said I may have lost two-million to 10-million votes, according to this character that worked at Google, right? And we still won
How the hell did we win? Everybody was against us
How did we win? How did we win? This is a Google executive
From two-million to 10
5-million votes, and we won
I don't know, we must be doing I will say this
That happened and people came from the valleys
They came from everywhere
They Came from places that nobody's ever talked about before and it was the forgotten men and women, but the truth is I know these men and women and they're the most incredible men and women in this country
They really are
They just never had anybody they really wanted to vote for or at least for a long time, they didn't want to get out there
They said, Oh, boy
Oh, boy
Is this the best they can do? I mean, in all fairness, I don't want to go too early here
Look at the field
Did you watch the debate the other day? We've got almost 350-million people
I'll take it
That's the best they can do
We'll see
We'll see
You never want to get too cocky
Somebody said in the great state of Texas, Donald Trump is down two points to Buttigieg
Buttigieg
Buttigieg
They're phony polls
You know they have phony polls
I told this story the other night
For six months, I was hearing that I'm going to lose the state of Texas and friends of mine from Texas that look just like these guys
See these two guys with the hates? They might even be better looking
They look just like And they want to say, I don't know about you, but I know a lot about Texas and Donald Trump is not going to be losing the state of Texas
Remember that? See, they don't say it's in play
They're too smart
They say Texas is in play
And Utah, they said was it play
All these are in play and play means we could lose them, right? It's a better term though because this way, they can't get skunked, but they can get skunked with me
So, what happens is on that beautiful election Was that one of the greatest, coolest nights ever? Well, they can never call a victory unless you absolutely have it and unless you're winning by a lot
This is six months
Texas is in play
You know, he could lose Texas
I keep saying, I go to a stadium, we sell out to thousands of people, lines that are miles long
I mean, and every friend of mine says, You're going to win by a lot
00, whatever time, The polls in Texas are closed
Donald Trump has won this state of Texas
The polls in Utah are closed
Donald Trump has won the state of Utah
They don't even take a breath
Now, if it's close like it's in play, you wait two, three, four or five hours to see what it is, but they don't even a breath because they're called suppression poles and they're no different than all of the dishonest reporting that you people see
They're no different
They're suppression polls, and I'll tell you what
We're going to win the state of New Mexico and I'll be so surprised if we don't
I'll be so surprised
No, we're going to win New Mexico
You know, when I came here during the last election, came here a little because I was told very hard to win and I came here a little, but I saw great spirit
But I didn't really have a track record because I never did this stuff before
So, I said I was going to cut your taxes
I did
I said I was going to cut your regulations
I did more than any president in history and they've been there for many years
I've been there for two and a half
And I think the regulation cutting Like the Waters of the US, that was another beauty where you couldn't build a house, you couldn't farm your land
Now, what we've done on regulations is incredible
I've done I've rebuilt our military, I've taken care of our vets
Look how happy our vets are with choice
Instead of waiting for two months to see a doctor or two weeks or three days, they now go out
If there's a wait, they go out, they get a private doctor
They get taken care of
We pay the bill
And for the first time, they've tried to get that for 45 years, they haven't been able to get it, but I'm good at getting things
You must never forget
The 2020 election is about one thing
What's it about? It's about you
It is
It's about you
It's about you
I'm doing a good job as your messenger, but basically I'm a messenger
I know what you want
I understand that it's about your family
It's about your future, and it's about the fate of your country for your children, for everybody
It's about the fate of your country
It's about the future of our great country
No matter what label they use, a vote for any Democrat in 2020 is a vote for the rise of radical socialism and the destruction of the American dream
That's what it's about
Look at Venezuela
Venezuela, 15 years ago, was one of the wealthiest countries in the world and today, very sad
No food, no water, no nothing
Socialism
We begin this campaign with the best record, the best results, the best agenda, and the only positive vision for America
And it's not just a little bit positive
Our country is going to be greater than it ever was
That's where we're headed
Together, we will help millions more citizens know the dignity of work, the pride of a paycheck and the satisfaction of a job really well done
With your help, we will elect a Republican Congress to create a safe, modern, fair, and very lawful system of immigration
And we're going to have a lot done anyway
We already do have a lot done
You saw the figures last week, but we're doing it the hard way
It would be so much easier with a little stroke of the pen
We will enact trade deals that ensure more products are proudly stamped with those beautiful, beautiful words, that incredible phrase, Made in the USA
We will achieve new breakthroughs in science and medicine, finding new cures for childhood cancer and ending the AIDS epidemic in America within 10 years, and we've already started that program
It will happen
We have the medicine
Nobody even knew that
The AIDS epidemic in this country will be gone within 10 years
We've already started the process
It's been funded
It's been funded
Who would've thought that? Honestly, when I ran, I didn't know that
We have now the technology and what they've done with respect to AIDS is incredible
What a terrible, terrible period of time the world went through, but we will have it ended within 10 years
We will defeat the effort to drive up the cost of houses, cars, healthcare, light bulbs
Right? They took away our light bulb
I want an incandescent light
I want to look better, okay? I want to pay less money to look better
Does that make sense? You pay much less money and you look much better and on top of that, with the new bulbs, if they break, it's considered a hazardous waste site
It's all gases inside and you're supposed to bring it back to where you bought it in a sealed container
Give me a break
I asked the people, the professionals, Well, what do people do when it breaks? Because they break all the time
What do they do? Nothing, they throw it away
A lot of people didn't know
They didn't understand
You got a much better light at a much reduced cost and it's much safer because when those other bulbs break, they really are dangerous
The gases come out, they're dangerous
These are the little things that I have to explain
Otherwise, people will say, What the hell are you doing with light bulbs for? And we're trying to do the same thing with cars
Cars have so much junk on them now to save a tiny little fraction of gasoline
They have so much junk that they're less safe
So, what I want to do is the following
Under our rules and regulations, the cars are environmentally terrific, but they're safer and they're $3,500 less to buy, right? And the reason they're safer is because they could be a little bit heavier
Makes sense, right? They could be a little bit heavier
I mean, they make them now like paper mache
Somebody touches them and the entire car collapses
When somebody hits me, I want to be in as close to an army tank as possible
No, they're made out of paper mache
They weigh about three pounds and if you get hit by a bus, it's over
They say, What happened to that car? No, I think of it, it's safer and it's less expensive by $3,500 on average
And California wants you to do the other cars and we don't
We're going to end up in a big litigation and I'm fighting for you
Look
Look, it's not the kind of thing most presidents would be fighting for because they say, Let them pay more
Let it be unsafe
They listen to the environmentalists, and I'm an environmentalist
I believe in the environment
I want the cleanest water on the planet
I want the cleanest air
I want a lot of things
You know, right now, we have the cleanest air that we've ever had in this country? But what are they going to do about China and India and Russia and other countries that are spewing stuff? What are we doing about them? We're going to keep our nation clean
But you know, the universe is so big that when you talk about China, the USA, India, you talk about these different places where a lot of bad stuff comes out, right? It's so big that it's right next to each other
It's right next to each other
Does that make sense? Right? It's right next to each other
So, what are they going to do? We want to have the cleanest water and the cleanest air
We will defend privacy
We will defend free speech, free assembly, religious liberty, and we will always defend your second amendment and we're doing it now
And above all, we will never stop fighting for the values that bind us together as one America
We support, protect and defend the Constitution of the United States
We stand with our incredible heroes of law enforcement
We believe in the dignity of work and in the sanctity of life
We believe that mothers and fathers, not Washington bureaucrats, know best how to raise their strong, beautiful families in their loving and wonderful communities
We believe that children should be taught to love our country, honor our history, and always respect our great American flag
And we will always live by the words of our national motto
Nobody will ever take it down
Nobody will ever take it down
We will never allow them to take it down
In God we trust
We stand on the shoulders of American Patriots who built this country into the greatest nation ever to exist on the face of the earth and we are going to be better than ever before and it won't even be close, and we're right there
Our ancestors crossed the oceans, settled a continent, tamed the wilderness, revolutionized industry, pioneered sciences, won two world wars, defeated fascism and communism, put a man on the moon and built the most exceptional country in the history of the world
And every day of my presidency, we will never forget that we are Americans and the future belongs to us
The future belongs to each and every one of you
Right? With your help, your devotion and your drive  Gee, it's too bad
He did it right in the crescendo
How do you top that? I just readied the big beautiful crescendo and this character's going back home
It's all right
It's two people tonight
Remember, when they say Massive protest at the Trump rally, two people
With your help, your devotion and your drive, we are going to keep on working
We are going to keep on fighting and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning in a win like never before
We are one movement, one people, one family and one glorious nation under God
America is thriving like never before
And ladies and gentlemen of the great state of New Mexico, we love you
The best is yet to come
Best is yet to come
Thank you, New Mexico
And together, we will make America wealthy again
Very, very wealthy
We will make America strong again
We will make America safe again, and we will make America great again
Thank you
New Mexico
Thank you
Thank you, New Mexico
Thank you
Thank you

Wow, that's a big crowd
This is a big crowd
Thank you very much, everybody
Hello to Swanton and a load to Toledo
I'm thrilled to be back in Ohio with thousands of hardworking, loyal, great American patriots  days from now
Can you believe it, 43 days? We go to again win Ohio
I understand from Bob Paduchik, you know Bob? That we're going to win it by more than we did
Whether we win at nine, we won by nine points
I just came into that big, beautiful place
It's got more televisions in any plane in history
They've got televisions and closets and bathrooms on the floor, on the ceilings
I just saw that we're tied in Ohio
I don't think so  President Trump may have a slim lead in Ohio? They're not even campaigning in Ohio, come to think of it
Now, they're fake polls
They're almost as fake as the writers themselves
They're all fake
Remember last time they said, No, he's going to lose Ohio
We won by nine points
So, we had seven swing states last time
President Trump is going to go home early, but it wasn't president at that time, it was just Donald Trump
He will go home early
We did
That we went home early as victors, but we had nine states
They had one of the crazy papers, New York Times
They hired that guy
They paid him millions because he never predicted wrong
He was wrong
I don't know if they had a contract where they could fire him, but they hired this guy
We had nine states
I was down at all of them on the day of election
I was going to lose all nine, and then guess what? I won every one of them
Fake polls
They're fake polls
Then we have a crowd like this
I don't know
Look, the cameras, are you turning around? These guys are bad people
I swear
They never turn the cameras around, ever
Turn them around
Turn them around
They never tell, look at them
It's just like a bunch of stiffs
Real stiffs
Why don't you turn the cameras around for once? You look back there, you can't see it
There's got to be, feels like Madison Square Garden on the ground except we have more people
Oh boy, it's always tough
You know, we go through this all the time
We're always asking them, look at these crowds
I mean, as far, you can't see it
You have this prime territory, like you should be in the real estate business
Now, as far as the eye can see back there, the cameras don't, they don't get it
You only hear it from the sound
I go home
I say to the first lady, Did you see that crowd we had tonight in Ohio? She goes, No, no
They just keep it on your face
That includes Fox
They just keep it here, right here
They don't want to show
You know what they don't know and what they don't get is that showing this kind of activity is a good thing for them
It's positive for their ratings
It's really a good thing, but they don't want to do it, but I give up on it
You know what you do? You hear it because you can't have  You know when sleepy Joe Biden, he's got the circles
You knowthose big circles? You know why he has the circles? He's got four of them, because they can't  I mean, think of it
He is a guy who's failed every time he ran
We called him 1% Joe and now he's shot and he got their nomination
How the hell does that work out? How does that work out? But he's got the circles
He got like four, sometimes he has six because that's a good way of saying, if you don't have any people, just put them in the circle and he's practicing the science
Now it doesn't work out, but we're going to win four more years in the White House
We're doing things that nobody's ever done before
We're doing what nobody's ever done, and thank you for being here
I wish we could move the press back further, if you want to know the truth
As our nation mourns the loss of Supreme Court Justice  Thank you everybody
Thank you
So is our nation mourns the loss of Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg, I will soon announce a nominee for the United States Supreme Court
They say it's the most important thing a president can do
I don't know
I think military, maybe
We rebuilt your military two and a half trillion dollars
Great
We will fill that seat
It's going to go quickly
Probably announced the person
I don't want to make the men too angry
It will be a woman
Is that okay? I don't want to have a problem with men
They'll say Trump is doing very poorly with men
You listen
How's he doing? Well, he's doing very poorly with men, with women
He's doing very poorly with the black community, Hispanic community
Then you have the election night doing very poorly with those with diploma, without diploma, college, PhDs
What's he doing well? Oh no, it's going to be a very short night
Then they say Donald Trump is the projected winner by a lot
They say, well, what happened is he did very well with women did very well with men, diplomas
He did well with African American community
By the way, we are doing really well with the African American community, with the Hispanic community
We're doing well with women
We're doing very well
We're doing well with suburbia, suburbia
I ended a regulation that will destroy suburbia
If Biden got in, they will destroy the suburbia
We call it suburbia of the world and we love it
I know it well, Westchester County, the suburban, they sometimes, if you say suburban housewife, you're in deep trouble
So what you do is you say suburban women, they love me
You know why? They want security and they don't want projects being right next to their house
That's okay
They don't want it
By the way, that includes minorities
Because 29% to 30% of these suburban communities are minorities
That includes them
They don't want that
They want safe communities
They want great communities
They don't want to lose the American dream
It's very simple
I got rid of the regulation from Obama- Biden that was destroying suburbia
Okay? Destroying it
I think suburbia has got to wake up because if they get in, you know who's in charge? You know who's in charge of the program? Cory Booker, Cory Booker
Cory Booker
So, I think the suburban women and suburban men and husbands and wives and everybody, you better get smart because you're not going to have your dream very much longer if they get in
If I get in, you've got it
You've also got your second amendment if I get it
In 2018, we expanded the Senate majority
Remember, they said, first of all, I wasn't running
I wasn't running
It makes a difference
Wait you see what happens
We're going to take back the house
We're going to get rid of this crazy Nancy Pelosi
Kevin McCarthy's done a great job
We're going to take back the house
People are so tired of her
People are so tired
Did you hear today? The latest
So, they impeached me for perfect phone call
Perfect
It was a perfect phone call
Now they want to impeach me again if I nominate somebody as I'm constitutionally obligated to do, to serve on the Supreme Court of the United States
Go ahead and I want them to do that
I want them to do that
We will
We will
We will
If he puts forth a highly qualified candidate, we will impeach him
Well, I said, Well, I'm the only guy in the world that could get impeached for trying to fill a seat in the Supreme
So, we're going to put up our nominee who's going to be outstanding
We're looking at five incredible jurists, five incredible people, women that are extraordinary in every way
I mean, honestly, it could be anyone
I mean, we're going to be announcing it on Friday or Saturday
Again, they say it's the most important thing and think of it
So in a single term, single term, by the end of our term, we will have nominated and had confirmed I think it'll end up being over 300 federal judges and hopefully three Supreme Court justices
Think of that
Three
Some presidents, they never get any
They last a long time, a lot of presidents get none
We've had three
It's blowing their minds
It's blowing their minds, but for the people of Ohio, this is what you want
So, it looks like we're going to have three and it's going to be very exciting
It's exciting even from me
I'm going to look forward to it
Probably Saturday, we will announce the nominee and it's somebody that you're going to have great respect for, great respect
Thank you
Big stuff
That's a big thing
They set the course of our country for many years to come, whether it's on life or the second amendment or so many other things, they set the whole course of the country
Very important position, the most important
Joe Biden has refused to list the names of his potential justices because he knows they're too extreme to withstand any form of public review
If Joe Biden and the Democrats take power, they will pack the Supreme Court with far left radicals who will unilaterally transform American society far beyond recognition
They will mutilate the largest figure the constitution and oppose a socialist vision from the bench that could never pass at the ballot box
So, they don't want to show the judges because the only ones that he can put in are far left radicals
If he does something even towards left of center, which would be acceptable, I guess, we have no choice
If he did that, he would lose the left
So, he's going to have to put in radicals
So he doesn't want to show who his judges are
I've shown a list, I have a double list, about 45 from which I will only pick, but he doesn't want to do that, because if you found out who he was going to pick, he would be unelectable
Hopefully, he's going to be unelectable anyway
We're going to find out
So, he wouldn't be able to survive a Joe Biden
You wouldn't be able to survive
We've been calling it socialism
I don't think it's socialism
I think it's a step beyond what they're talking about
You look at Portland, you look at Chicago, you look at New York, you look at Baltimore and Oakland
These are Democrat run cities that are horrible in crime
There's no law and order, no cash bail, no anything
You know what? The Republican cities are running great
They're running great
So, we're going to get it all changed around
We went into Minneapolis, we solved the problem like you wouldn't believe
What did it take? You saw it
What did that take? I would say probably 30 minutes
Right? They should have called us in about seven days earlier
How about the reporter? He gets up there, behind him is a burning city
I never saw anything like it
He's saying, There are really no protests here
This is very friendly
We call this a friendly protester because you're not supposed to have political rallies
You're not supposed to have anything
The only thing you can have is thousands of people running down a street burning stores, looting, doing what  That's okay, because that's protesting, but we'll call this a friendly protest, but your children will be robbed of their future and the damage will endure for generations to come-  future the damage we'll endure for generations to come
We have to win
This is the most important election in the history of our country in my opinion
And a lot of that's got to do with the fact that we're going to have one extra, but we didn't think this was going to happen
But I used to say just a week ago, We're going to have one, two, three, four, and maybe even five, the next President, and the Supreme Court is going to be a tremendous factor
A lot of people said that's the reason I won so easily in the Electoral College last time
306, 306 to 223
He will not get to 270
Remember? He will not get to 270
This will be a short evening for Donald Trump
Oh, good riddance
Thank God we got rid of him
Oh, this is going to be great
And then that problem happened
Ladies and gentlemen, Donald Trump has won the state of Ohio
Remember the one, she was crying? She was crying
Donald Trump has won Ohio
But it wasn't winning Ohio, it was by the margin
Where the hell? he said, Where did this margin come from? They opened the polls
Then they closed the polls
Normally you have to wait hours, unless it's a total runaway
And they said, Ah, the polls and the doors are closed in Ohio
Donald Trump has won
And they go, Oh my God
But wait a minute
He won by nine points
What the hell's going on over here? Then they said, Donald Trump has won the state of Florida
Donald Trump has won the state of Georgia
Donald Trump has won North Carolina, South Carolina
Remember that? Was that the most exciting evening, really? Remember? And it's not Donald Trump
It's you
It's all of us
They use the name Donald Trump
It's all of us have won
And this one's going to be even better because nobody has done, and then don't even challenge it, the fake news, nobody has done in three and a half years what we've done
We've rebuilt our military
Two and a half trillion dollars
We've taken care of our vets
We have choice, we have accountability
We can fire people now when they're not treating our vets right
We couldn't do that before
They could treat our vets terribly
We have accountability
Nobody has done what we've done for our vets
91% approval rating at the VA
91%, the highest ever
So nobody's done it, and that's why I think this is going to be the most important of all
I used to say, Well, I don't know
How does it compare to 2016? I just gave that up
This is the most important election
You know why? Two reasons
Number one, that's over with, the hell with it
The hell with it
But the truth is it's got a seat in, and we have a lot of new things including additional, substantial, middle income tax cuts and other tax cuts, and tremendous regulation cuts
And we're finishing up with our military
We're building Space Force
The wall is going incredibly
You remember the wall? They don't talk about the wall anymore, the fake news
Once we started building it, if you think that was easy to build the wall, we had an entire party that would die for the fact, and I made a terrible mistake in the wall, instead of telling you, We're going to build a wall, we're going to build a wall, the Democrats formed, it was very tough, but I got it
I'm a real estate developer
You can always get money
You learn we have a lot of little pockets
We had a lot of big pockets
But the military was great
The Army Corps of Engineers were great
So we're up to 330 miles of wall
We're doing 10 miles a week, and we're going to be finished with the wall very soon
And it's exactly the wall, the little more expensive wall, they want like nice, expensive, but exactly what border patrol wanted
We're building them the exact wall that they want
We can't give them any excuses
We can't give them any excuses
But it's true, they used to talk about the wall all the time because they never thought I'd be able to get a bill
Once I got it going, got it built, I got the financing, we won a lot of lawsuits, by the way, we won a lot of lawsuits
They sued us
Pelosi was suing us
Congress was suing us
The Senate was suing us
We won a lot of lawsuits
Once it was obvious that we won and we started building, they never talk about the wall anymore
And I made a terrible, terrible mistake because I had to work my ass off to get that thing built
You have no idea
You have no idea
You have no idea
But I should have said, the mistake, I should have said when I talked to these big crowds, and the crowds are getting bigger, there's more enthusiasm now than we ever had four years ago, but I should have said, instead of, We will build a wall, I kept, We will build a wall, place would go crazy, I should have said, We will not build the wall
Under no circumstances, will we build a wall, the Democrats would have given us all the money we wanted
It's true
It's true
And then they would have said, See, he didn't keep his campaign promise
These people are sick
The Biden nominated justices will shred our Second Amendment, eliminate the right to self defense, and allow the government to confiscate your privately owned firearms
You know that
Put in other language, they will end your Second Amendment
And they will do that
By the way, if I wasn't here, you wouldn't have a Second Amendment right now
That would be gone
I hate to say it
I'm the only thing standing between you and chaos, I'm telling you
And Second Amendment and all of the other things
Biden's justices will remove the words under God from the Pledge of Allegiance
Did you see that? Did you see it? They said, No, we'd never remove
And I saw it, they're doing the Pledge of Allegiance
And I said, Oh, it must be a typo
They left the words under God out of the Pledge of Allegiance, the Democrats
And I said, Oh, there's a typo
Typo, they made a mistake
What a stupid mistake
Can you believe it? That guy's in big trouble
What a stupid mistake
And then I heard it a second time
They did the same mistake
That's what they're doing
They're going to take God out of everything just like they want to knock down the statue of George Washington, Abraham Lincoln, Thomas Jefferson
That's never happening
It's never happening
A lot of these Democrats states, you see it, the churches are closed
They don't want our churches to open
You can have a riot where you kill people in the streets
25,000 people don't have to wear a mask, nothing
They can march down the streets, step on each other's face, they can do whatever the hell they want, that's okay
But you can't go to church
They have ideas, they have plans, and it's never happening with me as your President
That I can tell you
And you see it, they want to tear down crosses from public spaces
You see it
Since I signed a little law, they were ripping down a lot of statues about four months ago, and I said, Do we have any laws, like old laws when they was strong, when we were smart, when we were tough? Sir, we have one, sir
A General came in
What's the law, General? Sir, there was a law from quite a while ago, 10 years in prison
They didn't use the word jail, prison
Prison's a tougher word
I said, What do you mean, 10 years? You get 10 years in prison if you knock down a statue or if you knock down a monument
I said, General, let me see that sucker, please
Bring that to my office
And we revived it because you can't get that approved by Congress
They would never
Today in Congress, you'd do it, they'll give you half a day in a hotel someplace
So 10 years
So they were having a big march on Washington in two days and I signed this new law
We updated it, and it was 10 years
You get 10 years in prison
You touch, you knock down a monument
And there's no games
This is the old days
This is the days when we had strong laws, when we had real laws, when we had real politicians that knew how to make laws
So here's the thing
So they weren't going to come in, they were actually looking to knock down the statue of a man named Thomas Jefferson
That's not too good
They had obliterated a lot of different things
And so I had a news conference
I announced that I'm signing a law that anybody that knocks down a monument or a statue gets 10 years in jail
And the police in Washington, and we had National Guard, we had Secret Service
We were all ready for them
We were ready for them
And the time came, there's was only a problem, nobody showed up
You know why? 10 years was too much
10 years was too much
It's amazing the way
Isn't it amazing the way it all works? So instead they burned down Portland
I speak to the Governor
The mayor is hopeless
He's a hopeless, poor guy
They chased him out of his apartment, and he still thinks they're wonderful people
They're burning down his city
But I want to go in there with the National Guard so bad
It would take us 15 minutes to solve the problem
When they heard in Seattle that we were going in, we were going in the next day, the guys just walked away
They left
That was the end of it
We had nothing to do
But they want to ban all prayer in public schools and require taxpayers to fund extreme late term abortion
Biden's justices will erase national borders, they don't want borders, protect sanctuary cities, and compel the unlimited entry of foreign nationals
And if you look at some of these jihadist nations, no thank you
Somebody said, That's not nice
That's not politically correct
I said, That's okay
They'll clip all the police departments, free violent criminals, shield foreign terrorists, and declare the death penalty unconstitutional, even for the most depraved mass murderers who kill women and children
That's what they want
They don't want any death penalty
Not for the Boston Bomber, not for anybody
You see the Boston Bomber, they're still trying this guy, what he did to so many lives
He killed people, ruined so many families, ruined so many lives
And by the way, they want the Boston Bomber to be able to vote
You know that
In three and a half years under my administration, we've secured America's borders, rebuilt the awesome power of the United States military, obliterated the ISIS caliphate 100%, fixed our disastrous trade deals, and brought jobs and factories back to the great state of Ohio
I love Ohio
I love Ohio
I don't know what it is
I was told by Bob and some of the Congressmen that are here, we have some great ones, I'm going to introduce them in a second, but I was told that they're not even trying for Ohio
You know why? Because I love you and you love me, and that's the way it is
That's the way it is
Thank you
I love you too
It's very interesting
So somebody in the fake news media did a story yesterday because there's crazy chances going on
They have too about the seat and all that
But there was another chant that's happening at all these rallies
We're having massive rallies
We're in Minnesota
We had a tremendous crowd
Wisconsin, tremendous
Pennsylvania, every one of them
I mean, in all fairness, it's like this, everyone
But this rant is going on like it's crazy
And it's, We love you
We love you
We love you, and you know what? I don't want to say it
I'm just saying, they have not been able to find in the history of politics in this nation, even we loved Ronald Reagan, but they have not been able to find where people broke out and said, We love you, about, I guess I have to call myself a politician
I don't feel like a politician
How nice is that? I never heard it
I've been to a lot of different speeches and rallies
I've never heard crowds go, We love you
But you know why? We love you
I love you
But you know why? Because, again, nobody has done what we've done
Ohio had the best year in its history last year
We had a great year
And next year, assuming we win, which I hope we're going to win, but if we win, you're going to have a year next year
First of all, take a look at the third quarter
It's going to be announced the numbers just before the election
They'll come out three days before the election
And I'll tell you what, I'll bet on the numbers, even though Crazy Nancy and these people don't want to give any stimulus, they don't want to give anything
They want to keep a lot of states closed wherever they can
You know what they're going to do? They're going to announce they're going to be opening on November 4th
There'll be open
All these closed states, they're going to be open on November 4th
One of them blue and a teacher's union
Did you see it? No, we don't want to open now
We don't want to open
The pandemic
We don't want to
We're rounding the turn on the pandemic
Vaccines are coming soon
But we don't want to open
Around November 4th we're going to open
This person that's a judge of a union said that
That was not good
I think they'll get rid of her quickly
I'm also proud that we have successfully brought back the Big 10 and the Ohio State Buckeyes
You better have a good year after all of that
You have a good team, right? Good coach
Good team
Good everything
You have a good team
You always have a good team
But there was a case, what do I know? I said, How's it going? Everything good? Are you struggling? They said, Sir, Sleepy Joe Biden did an ad that you, me, that you closed football
I said, What do you mean I closed? I didn't close
The guy did an ad
It's called disinformation
It's called the opposite of what the fact is
Not only didn't I close it, I didn't think about it too much, okay? The states should all be open
But I heard about Big 10 football, and because of this ad, I said, Hey, wait a minute
I have an idea
It was a fake ad, just like the ad on the grave sites, and that allows me to say that this man is a gross incompetent
He has no idea
Because now, see, I would never talk like that, but when I saw that horrible thing, and nobody's done more for the military than I have, when I saw that horrible ad, An anonymous source has said that Donald Trump said this, I have 28 people now that have come forward saying it's a total lie, they don't care, so they did an ad, once they did that, I said, Well, now the gloves are off
Let's face it, Joe Biden is incompetent
He always was even in prime time
he was incompetent in prime time
And now he's really incompetent
But because of the ad, I said, It's very interesting, that ad, it's very interesting
Let me call up the Commissioner
I had called up the Commissioner, very good guy, and I said, Commissioner, what can we do to get Big 10 football back? Well, I don't know
And we started a little thing, the Commissioner and myself, one of my guys, he's fantastic, and within a few days, it started getting talked about, and then we kept it going and we helped him with some testing because we have the greatest testing in the world
We get no credit for it
We've tested almost 100 million people
India is second with 38th and they have 1
5 billion people, slightly more than you
But I will tell you, so all of a sudden they have schools
Then looked like it was going to open without Michigan and without a couple of states
And then all of a sudden the pressure became so great, and the full league is opening now and it's going to be very exciting
And I will tell you, it's not a question of taking credit, but truly we were the ones that did that
I mean, it was
I'll tell you when I do it and when I don't
But it was closed, it was gone, it was announced that it was closed
And what really spurred me on was when Sleepy Joe announced that I was the one that did it
I said, I didn't even know it was closed
But once I found out it was, I called the Commissioner
He was really good, I tell you
And we called a couple of the top people at the universities and they got it going
It looked like we had seven schools, eight schools
All of a sudden, everybody fell into line
I think they're all open now
Every one of them is participating
So I want to thank the Commissioner
I want to thank all of those schools
May the best team win
In other words, Ohio State
That's a good team
You know who the best proponents were? The players and especially the parents of the players
These kids have a short window to get into the NFL to create some excitement and how good they are
And you have a lot of potential players, but they couldn't play football
And they said, We're safer on the field than we are staying at home, and they meant it
And we did something and I'm happy about it
So enjoy the football, enjoy it
Under 16 years of Presidents Obama and Bush, median household income rose only $2,945
So remember that
That's 16 years, 2009, so let's say 3000
Under three years of President Trump, it rose almost $7,000
So think of that, 16 years
Three years, achieving the highest median income in the history of our country
In my first three years, we lifted 6
6 million people out of poverty, the largest poverty reduction of any President in the history of our country
We built the greatest economy in the history of the world and we are doing it again
We're building it again
I see the signs Make America Great Again, so I say this, it's called now Make America Great Again
Again
Because we did it and then we had to close it up
We saved millions of lives
If we didn't do that, you would have had three million people
It would have been terrible
It's terrible anyway
They shouldn't have allowed it to happen, China
To defeat the China Virus, we launched the largest mobilization since World War Two
Through pioneering therapies, we reduced the fatality rate- Through pioneering therapies, we reduced the fatality rate 85% since April
Think of that
That's remdesivir and all of the things, the plasma, all different things
Where do you see what's coming out? Europe is almost 30% greater excess mortality rate than the United States
That's before today's big breakout
You know they had a big breakout in Europe and they keep saying in the fake news, they keep saying about, Oh, Europe, Europe, Europe
Well, we're doing better than Europe
I hate to see what happened, and it had a big impact on the market today because it was a bad thing
But they had a big hit and they'll take care of it
They know how to do it
They'll take care of it
We're working very closely with Europe and other countries, including on the vaccine
We have three vaccines right now that are right there
They're right at the starting gate and they're going to be fantastic
So it's good
With Biden, if you had that regime, you'd be three years away because it would have never gotten out of the FDA
What we've done in a very safe manner is amazing
Now remember this, Biden was in charge of the swine flu, right? It's called the H1N1
Remember he calls it the N1H1
I said, No, no, no, no
H comes before the N
It's so easy
But he goes, The N1H1
We say, No
But it's the swine flu
Maybe we just call it the swine flu
He did such a gross, horrible job on that
His own man who was in charge of it said they didn't have a clue
They didn't know what they were doing
It was a much less lethal disease and they lost many, many people
Many, many people
It was totally incompetently
And now I got this guy standing up
Well, we're giving him advice
His own guy that ran it
Did everybody see this? They're saying they didn't have a clue what they were doing
It was so bad
I don't know why the hell he said it, to be honest with you
Who would say that? Maybe because he was honest
Does that make sense? Now Biden gets up and he's saying to do the same things as we've already done
He basically took our plan and he said, This is what you should do
But we have among the lowest case fatality rates of any major country in the world and the fastest economic recovery by far of any Western nation by far
Our bold and early action saved millions of lives and our decisive economic response saved tens of millions of jobs, including 1
9 million jobs in the state of Ohio
You know that? He knows it
He's got one of them
He's got one of them
Through operation warp speed, we're developing these great vaccines
And that's going to be Literally, these will be done in record time
Like nobody's ever done it before
On November 3rd, Ohio will decide whether we end the pandemic and return to record prosperity or whether we allow sleepy Joe Biden and his group of incompetence to delay the vaccine, shut down the country
He actually suggested that he would shut down the country
We now know the disease
We didn't know it
Now we know it affects elderly people with heart problems and other problems
If they have other problems, that's what it really affects
That's it
You know, in some States, thousands of people, nobody young below the age of 18, like nobody
They have a strong immune system
Who knows? Take your hat off to the young because they have a hell of an immune system, but it affects virtually nobody
It's an amazing thing
By the way, open your schools
Everybody open your schools
Sleepy Joe Biden wants to impose a $4 trillion tax site, ban American energy, destroy the suburbs, give free healthcare to illegal aliens
How about that one? You know the bad part about that? We all have heart
We want to take care of people
Probably that is everybody's going to come to the United States
People that weren't even thinking about it, they're going to say, Oh man, these idiots are giving free healthcare, free college education
They're giving free everything
They're giving a Rolls Royce to every family that enters through the Southern border
Remember I said that jokingly and CNN said, He misrepresented
They are not getting a Rolls Royce
I agree
Now they're sick
They are sick
And indoctrinate your children with poisonous anti-American lies
They're doing that
We're stopping it
To combat the toxic left-wing propaganda in our schools, I announced last week that we're launching a pro-American lesson plan for students called 1776 Commission
We will teach our children the truth about America, that we are the most exceptional nation on the face of the earth and we are getting better and better all the time
We got to
No party can lead America that will not teach our children to love America
Biden's running mate, Kamilla
Who likes Kamilla? Does anybody like her? She was the most failed candidate
I mean, she started off good
And every week she went down, down 15 points, 12 points, 11 points, 9 points, six points, five points, four points, two points
Didn't she leave at about two or one? She was heading down to the basement
She was so mean to him
I felt sorry for him
No, I did
I felt sorry
So she called them everything from a racist to a MeTooer
He was MeToo
He was a part of the MeToo generation
What she called him, what she said
So I brilliantly said, Well, he can't pick Pocahontas because she was too nasty
How nasty was she to Bloomberg? Was she unbelievable? Boy, he was standing there
What happened? What happened? No, actually
What happened? Mini Mike
He's another beauty
He's a real beauty
Mini Mike, what happened? What the hell happened? He hit her so hard
Remember? She hits him with about 30 different things, and I'm not talking about our president
He thought she was talking about me
Can you believe it? And I'm not talking
I'm talking about you
He said, Get me out of here
Get me out of here
And now he wants to buy his way back into the Democrat party
He wants to buy his way back into the Democrats
He hasn't taken enough abuse
If I were him, I'd sort of either ride it out or stay with the good Trump economy and get even richer
Biden's running made even urged supporters to help the bail riders out of jail
You saw that? Including one who attempted to murder a police officer and a man accused of sexually assaulting an eight year old child
Now they're trying to free them on bail
They're putting up the money to get them out by this plan to appease the domestic terrorist
And that's what it is
My plan is to arrest the domestic terrorist, and that's what we're doing for many people in jail
Many people
Remember what I told you about the monuments? This is remembrance
Isn't it beautiful? We don't see that anymore
Have you seen a monument knocked down recently? No, we don't see it anymore
I don't know
We want to rip down Abraham Lincoln
It got to Lincoln
First, it was not too many people heard of him
Confederate soldiers, et cetera
You say, Hey, look, do it through a process
But they started hitting Lincoln
Then they hit Gandhi
Now Gandhi was about peace
Gandhi just wanted peace
Leave me alone
Peace, peace, peace
Let's rip them down
They're sick people
The Democrat party's war on cops has already led to a surge in vicious murders in Democrat control cities costing countless black lives
If Biden and the left gain power, they will dismantle police departments nationwide
I'll tell you, the community that's most hurt, most hurt by what they're doing and there is the black community, the Hispanic community
And we're doing great in the polls with the black community and the Hispanic community
And the Asian community
We're doing great
In fact, we did so well last night on one poll, they said it must be a typo
They did
It must be an error
It wasn't
It's no error
You're going to find out on November 3rd it's no error
As president, I always stand and I will always stand with the men and women of law enforcement
They're great people
They're very brave people
Not easy, and they don't get support
We have to give them back their dignity
We have to let them do their job
That's very simple
They're great
We're joined tonight by two high school football players
They became very, very famous
They became more famous than President Trump
They were beautiful
I watched them running through the crowds with those flags
Here's some place, I don't know, you got a lot of people here
We're going to try and figure it out
Hold up your flag
Jared Bentley and Brady Williams, who were recently suspended from their high school football team after displaying flags in support of our police and first responders on the anniversary of September 11th attacks
Where are they? Come up here, fellas
Come up
Come up here
Come up here
Secret Service is thrilled about this
See, these young kids can hop over the fence like it's nothing
Come up here
They're good looking kids
I want to congratulate you
You become famous
They're going to go to Hollywood
They're going to become movie actors right now
Right? You feel good about it? How's your team doing? How's your team? How's it doing? He said it could be better
You know what? You're doing great
And everybody out here loves you and they appreciate you
You did a great job
Good job, fella
Good job
Good luck
Is your arm okay? Good
You all right? Good
Good guys
Good guys
Jared and Brady, thank you for supporting the heroes in our law enforcement
We all love you
I'm telling you
You really set something up that's incredible, and thank your parents for letting you do it
I watched
You ask your parents approval
Isn't that nice? You know what the father said? You better do it
Right? That's great
Thank you very much, fellas
Great job
Really great job
Country has a lot of respect
Speaking about warriors, we're also joined tonight by some great, great congressmen who are warriors and they represent Ohio so well and they love you and they love our country
Representative Bob Latta
Thank you, Bob
Great job
They like you, Bob
That's very good
Good job, Bob
Thank you very much
Congressman Warren Davidson
You know Warren
Thank you, Warren
Great job, Warren
Congressman Mike Turner
A great lawyer, actually
Thank you, Mike
Great job, Mike
You're really great
Ohio treasurer Robert Sprague
Robert, thank you
Thanks
Good treasurer
Ohio auditor Keith Faber
Thank you very much
Thank you
Thank you very much, Keith
Ohio House speaker, Bob Cupp
Where is he? Thank you, Bob
Great job
Ohio Senate president, Larry Obhof
Thank you
Thank you, Larry Obhof
Larry is a good man
How's it going, Larry? Good
You're doing a good job
Huh? You're doing good
How are we doing, Larry? Is it going good? You're right about that
You're doing a great job
Thanks, Larry
I appreciate it
Ohio GOP chairman Jane Timken
She's unbelievable
Thank you, Jane
How are we doing, Jane? How's it going? How does it compare to four years ago, Jane? Up higher
All right
Good
Good
I think we are
I think we are
A friend of mine that I'll tell you, this is the greatest optimist
When I thought we had to be down, we lost a lot of the top, top support
The head of the Republican party, little things like that
I said, We don't have a head of the Republican party
He left because you had a terrible governor in this state
Terrible
Your previous governor was terrible
He was terrible
I'll tell you, I got this man
I didn't know him
Within about a week, I said, Man, this guy's a big optimist
And he was right
He called it right to the thing
He ran my campaign
When he came back for the second time, we had him in a high position
I said, Bob, I think you're great
You're doing a great job
I want you back in Ohio
We have to do it again
Bob Paduchik
Where's Bob? Thank you
Thank you, Bob
Get over here, Bob
Thank you, Bob
He wants no glamor
He wants no glory
He just wants to win
He called it right down to the bone
We had a rough couple of days
I said, Bob, how we doing? You went up two points
I said, You got to be kidding
But we did
So much evolves around Ohio and it's just a state that we have a relationship with
It's a great state
We've done a great job for you and you've done a great job for us
So we appreciate it very much
Thank you
Together, we've spent the last four years reversing the damage done by the Democrats and Joe Biden over a 47 year period
Think of it
He's always talking about, You should have done this
You should have done that
He really just left office
It's not that long ago, right? He's been there for years and years and now he should have done
He's never going to do anything
He's never going to do anything
Guy is a stone cold loser
Biden supported every globalist sellout of Ohio workers for over a half a century, including NAFTA, China's entry into the World Trade Organization, the disaster known as TPP and how about the Paris Climate Accord? That's another beauty
I'll tell you, that was designed to hurt our country
You would have lost trillions of dollars, closed your factories all over the place
In the meantime, China didn't kick in for another 10 years
The whole thing was a rigged deal
I tell you, I said, I'm going to get killed for this one, but we're going to terminate
And you know what? The people got it right away
Everybody understood
That was another rip off of our country
This state lost one in three manufacturing jobs after the NAFTA and China disasters
Joe Biden is a shameless phony who pretends He doesn't have a clue
What the hell? We're talking like he knows
He's got guys around him that are pretty smart
They're radical left
He's going to do whatever they tell him to do
He pretends to care about blue collar workers
After spending more than five decades in Washington, he tells me, Why didn't you do this? Why didn't you do that? You see these fake commercials
Why didn't you do it? I said, I've only been here three and a half years
This guy has been here for 47 years
He didn't do anything
My actions saved countless jobs across Ohio and here in Toledo, the home of the Jeep, right? The home of the Jeep
That's good
That's a great brand
They've done a great job with Jeep
Jeep
Everyone loves Jeep
Earlier this year, I kept my promise to Ohio when we ended the NAFTA nightmare
I proudly signed the brand new US-Mexico-Canada agreement in July
That's a big difference
Like day and night
It's working out great too
It's working out great
You know how I know that it's a good deal for us? Because they don't like it
I took the toughest ever action to stand up to China's rampant theft of Ohio jobs
We achieved American energy
We passed record tax cuts and regulations
Our energy independence is incredible
We have now energy independence
We don't have to be in these far away lands anymore
Now we'll be there to help certain allies that have been great, but we don't have to be
Since my election, natural gas production in Ohio has surged 63%
They want to close it up
By the way, you do know they want to close it up
They want to close up all fracking natural gas ever
They want to close it up
This would kill at least 700,000 Ohio jobs
Probably more than a million
While I'm president, America will remain the number one producer of oil and natural gas and Ohio workers will continue leading the way
I just left the great state of Texas, and I talked to a lot of people like this, a great crowd of people
We have tremendous support all over the country
I'll tell you what
These people are great
And here's the platform that they have
Sleepy Joe Biden
No oil, no religion, no God, and no guns
Now I'm in Texas
It's a really rough thing in Ohio, but now we're talking Texas
No oil, that doesn't work well in Texas, right? No guns
That doesn't work well in Texas
No God
Look what they're doing to the churches and everything
That doesn't work
No God
No religion
That doesn't work well
You would have to be George Washington with your running mate would be Abraham Lincoln
Okay
Your VP candidate
And you'd still lose very big
And then they say-  and you'd still lose very big
And then they say, Yeah, he's doing okay
He's two up in Texas
They said it last time too, that Texas is even, four years ago
And everybody said, No, I think Trump is killing it
We'd have stadiums with 25,000, 30,000 people, much more that couldn't get in
We'd have 40,000, 50,000 people outside and they'd say I was even
We won in a landslide, just like we won this state, in a landslide
You know the expression they use, Texas is in play
You know what in play means? It could go either way
And guys would get on there and say, I don't think so
And then that night again, The polls in Texas have closed
Donald Trump has won the great state of Texas
I mean, the whole thing is crazy
It's crazy, it's crazy
You know what they do? It's suppression polls
They try and depress you
They try and make you unhappy so you go out to dinner with your wife, your husband, you go out to dinner, Darling, let's have dinner
It's so sad
We love Donald, but he just can't make it
He can't make it
Let's go out, have dinner
We'll come home and watch the results
Except 2016 came and nobody did that, they all went out and voted and we kicked ass
Tell me, was that the most exciting evening in the history of television? Did you ever see the ratings, the combined ratings? I think the biggest ever
But was that the most exciting? 2016, was that the most exciting evening in the history of television? We invested $2
5 trillion in the U
S
military, including more than $6 billion in contracts
I'll tell you what, you like the word pronounced Lima or Lima, because I saved Lima
And I tell you what, I saved Lima
I came here and they were going to close that plant in Lima
They were going to close the tank plant
It was done
And I said, Why are we closing a tank plant? And I got a couple of calls from my friends, the Congressman right here
And I got calls
And Jim Jordan called me
Do you like Jim Jordan? He's great
And I looked at this army tank plant in Lima
I said, Why are we closing it? And I saw the people building the tanks and the technology's incredible
And if you ever closed it, you'd never be able to open a thing like that again
So I overrode the generals, I overrode everybody, and now we're making a record number of tanks in that plant and it's absolutely thriving
But we had tremendous success
We took 100% of the ISIS caliphate and we killed the founder and leader of ISIS, Al-Baghdadi
We took out the world's number one terrorist and the mass murder of American troops and many other people
Qasem Soleimani is dead
He's dead
I withdrew from last administration's disastrous Iran Nuclear Deal
They paid $150 billion, plus $1
8 billion in cash
You know they got? Nothing
They got nothing
I kept my promise, recognized the true capital of Israel and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem
Every president for many, many decades said they were going to do it
They never did it
They never did it
They didn't have the guts to do it
They campaigned on it, they were all going to do it
Then they got there, there was a lot of pressure put on them
A lot of pressure put on me
Every leader was calling all over
Please don't do it
Please don't do it
Mr
President, please don't do it
Don't do it
Don't move it
Just leave it the way it is
It's okay
But I promised and I said, I'm going to do it
And then I got calls from the biggest people in the world
Kings, I got calls from presidents, from prime ministers, Please, please don't tell it
Then I got calls, Please have him call me back me, me
I said, Look, tell everybody I'm out for three days
I'm not going to be able to call them back
I had a news conference, we announced it
Then I called everybody back
Hey, how you doing? How's everything going? Everything going good? Yeah, well, I wanted to talk to you about Israel, but it's too late
You already did it
And we did it and we got it done and nobody else got it done
And it's something we had to do
I also recognized Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights
And instead of endless wars, we are forging peace all over the Middle East
And you saw that
And I'm the only man that got nominated for a Nobel Peace Prize and I didn't get any press
They wouldn't
For two of them
Last week, I'm not bragging about it, I'm just saying, I'm the President of the United States because of Kosovo-Serbia, they've been killing each other for years, I worked out a deal for them
I got nominated
And then Israel with Bahrain and UAE, and many more to come
I mean, they all want to do it
We'll have peace in the Middle East without blood all over the sand
No blood
We're going to have peace in the Middle East
So I was nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize
And I told this story last night
Should I tell it or not? Should I? Yes
She wants me to do it
So I go home to our great First Lady
I said, First Lady, you're going to be so proud of me tonight
I was nominated not once but twice for totally separate events by different people
Great people
First lady, I was nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize
I was like this
I was nominated
It's a big deal for our country, right? And she said, Oh, that's good
I said, Let's turn on the evening news
Let's watch it
This is going to be a big show tonight
Get ready
And NBC, which is one of the most crooked, one of the worst newscasts, and I'm talking about normal NBC, not MSDNC
MSDNC is the worst
So I turned on NBC with Lester Holt, another beauty
And they start with a hurricane and then they went to something, and something else
And I'm saying, First Lady, this is getting a little embarrassing
We're 20 minutes into a half hour show
They haven't mentioned the Nobel Peace Prize
And then it went through the whole show and they never mentioned
Then I got nominated for a second one
They never mentioned
And when Barack Obama, Barack Hussein Obama got nominated, now when Barack Hussein Obama got nominated, he didn't know why he was nominated
It was like right at the very beginning
He didn't do anything
He did nothing and he got nominated
It was the biggest story I've ever seen
But that's okay
In the meantime, we're President and they're not
No, that's right
You would think if you nominated for the Nobel Prize, you'd get maybe half a second
The First Lady, she said, Sorry, darling
That's the way it goes, isn't it? Joe Biden opposed the mission to take out Osama bin Laden
He opposed killing Soleimani
He voted for the Iraq War disaster
He backed the disastrous Iran Nuclear Deal
And he cheered the rise of China as a very positive development for our country
Oh, it's really great
If it were up to Sleepy Joe, bin Laden and Soleimani would be alive today, ISIS would be on a rampage, Iran would control the Middle East, and China would be the dominant power anywhere in the world
And I want to tell you, if you go back a few months before this pandemic, we were gaining, gaining, gaining
We had an insurmountable lead on China
I always heard they were going to catch us by 2019 for 10 years
We were so far beyond, we were doing much better than they were
The Biden agenda would obliterate our economy
He destroyed social security, destroyed protections for pre-existing conditions
That's what he's going to do, drain your Medicare by giving away your healthcare to illegal immigrants
He would end our travel ban to jihadist regions and increase refugee admissions by, listen to this, over 700%
And this is the manifesto with Bernie Sanders, with Crazy Bernie
He made this deal with Crazy Bernie
And by the way, a lot of the Crazy Bernie voters last time, four years ago, voted for Trump because of trade, because the one thing they do understand, that our country has been off for years
Biden opposes school choice and vowed to ban charter schools
Very important to have them
In a second term, I will provide school choice to every parent in America
They're totally against it
A vote for Republicans is a vote for safe communities, great jobs, and a limitless future for all Americans
And just, in conclusion, first of all, it's been a great honor to be with you
This is, really, it's a great state
They're great people
I really mean it
No, I really mean it
Get out there on November 3rd
We've got to win this one big
This is a bad, bad ideology
This is probably a step beyond socialism
I really think in many ways, it's communism we're talking about
This is a step beyond
Socialism's no good
Communism's really bad
But get out there on November 3rd and let's show him your stuff and show them the stuff of all of us
So, in concluding, over the next four years, we will make America into the manufacturing superpower of the world and we will end the reliance, this ridiculous, crazy reliance on China, and all of these far away lands once and for all
We will make our medical supplies right here in the United States
We will hire more police
And by the way, thank you, police
Thank you, law enforcement
Increased penalties for assaults on law enforcement and we will ban deadly sanctuary cities
We will defend the dignity of work and the sanctity of life
We will uphold religious liberty, free speech, and the right to keep and bear arms
We will strike down terrorists who threaten our citizens and we will keep America out of these ridiculous, stupid, endless, foreign wars
We will maintain America's unrivaled military
Our military might has never been like it is right now because of what we've done
And we had no choice, and hope to God we never have to use it, because if you would ever see the power of what we've done over the last three years, it's almost better for you not to see it
We are the envy of every power, every country in the world
We have weapons that nobody ever even thought possible
And just as I said, hope to God we never have to use them
And the way we don't have to use them is to keep that kind of strength
Nobody's going to be talking to us
We're going to have peace through strength, and it's all made in the U
S
A
Made in the U
S
A
We'll end surprise medical billing, require price transparency
I've already signed it into law
Kicks in on January 1st
It's going to cut your bills down to a level that you wouldn't believe
That doesn't mean the drug companies and the hospital and corporations are happy with me
But that's okay
And further reduce health insurance premiums and the cost of prescription drugs by 50%, 60% and 70%
Big pharma does not like me too much
They're taking ads about me that are so bad, but you get it, you understand it
They're not too thrilled with me, including the rebates
The rebates go back to you
The rebates before went back to very rich people
We will strongly protect Medicare and social security, and we will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions
And America will land the first woman on the moon and the United States will be the first nation to land an astronaut on Mars
That's what's happening
NASA is again the leading space station anywhere in the world
There's nothing like a space center, what we've done
And there was grass growing in the runways when I took over three and a half years ago
We will stop the radical indoctrination of our students and restore patriotic education
We will teach our children to love our country, honor our history, and always respect our great American flag
And we will live by the timeless words of our national motto, In God we trust
For years, you had a President who apologized for America
Now you have a president who is standing up for America and standing up for the great state of Ohio
So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors, get your co-workers, get everybody, and get out and vote
Got to get out and vote
And in your state, in Ohio, early voting has already begun and don't wait
And when you see them cheating on the other side, I don't say if, when, when you see them cheating with those ballots, all of those unsolicited ballots, those millions of ballots, you'll see them, anytime you do, report them to the authorities
The authorities awaiting and watching
From Akron to Columbus, from Cincinnati to Queen City, I know it weller than Cleveland, and from Dayton to Toledo, we inherit the legacy of generations of Ohio patriots, like Neil Armstrong, Annie Oakley, William McKinley, and the amazing Ulysses S
Grant, that's good
Nobody's stock has gone up like Grant
Nobody in the last 10 years
We stand on the shoulders of American heroes who crossed the oceans, blazed the trails, settled the continent, tamed the wilderness, dug out the Panama Canal, laid down the railroads, raised up the skyscrapers, won two world wars, defeated fascism and communism, and made America the single greatest nation in the history of the world, and you haven't seen anything yet
Proud citizens like you helped build this country and together we are taking back our country
We are returning power to you, the American people
With your help, your devotion, and your drive, we are going to keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting, and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning
We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God, and together with the incredible people of Ohio, we will make America wealthy again, we will make America strong again, we will make America proud again, we will make America safe again, and we will make America great again
Thank you, Ohio
Get out and vote
Thank you

Thank you very much, Phoenix
We love to be back
We'll be back a lot
We're going to win that election
Thank you very much
Hello, Phoenix
It's great being here in the great state of Arizona with thousands of hardworking patriots who believe in God, family, and country
Thank you
Thank you
And with your help this November, we are going to defeat the radical socialist Democrats and we are going to win Arizona in a landslide
It's all over TV that the folks here tonight have helped a great World War II veteran into the arena
I don't know if he knows it, but he's right now the hottest celebrity in the world
I don't know what's going on here
He might even be hotter than Trump right now, I have to say
Did you see the scene? No, he's all over television
Even fake news CNN him on
They say he's a legitimate great hero of World War II
Erwin Julian
Irvin, thank you
And I asked my son Don to get a couple of hats and get some things, and give them to Erwin right now
And I want to thank you
Really, that's a great honor
And thank you for the great job you've done
An American Patriot
Thank you very much
Thank you, Don
How did Don do tonight? Okay? He's good
Good guy
And he loves this country
So this is truly an incredible time for America
We have the best economy, the most prosperous country that we've ever had, and the most powerful military anywhere in the world by far
Do you remember the good time we had a week ago at the State of the Union? You remember that, right? And that was my honor
But I proudly declared that we are in the midst of the great American comeback
Our country is stronger today than ever before
And after three years, of very unfair and ridiculous witch hunts and partisan Democrat crusades It was the radical left's pathetic attempts to nullify your ballots, poison our democracy, and overthrow our entire system of government
But guess what? They failed, and our poll numbers are higher today than they've ever been before
And we're standing up to the defense of our Constitution, our freedom and democracy itself
We're doing something that's never been done in the history of our country
This movement has never taken place
Nothing like it ever
And the fake news can attest to it, because if they thought I was saying the wrong thing, it'd be out there immediately
It'd be all over the place
It'd be all over the place
Trump exaggerates
That's terrible what he says
There has never been a movement like this, and it began very early
It began in 2016 with that wonderful, beautiful night
You remember that, right? That beautiful night in November
And we're going to have another beautiful night in November
This time, it's going to be November 3rd
Get ready, November 3rd
We're coming
We're coming
So we're having great polls
You're seeing the polls, except for some of the fake ones
And if I was treated fairly Meaning, if you were treated fairly by the fake news, we'd be up 20 points higher in the polls
There wouldn't even be a competitive election
Unfortunately, it's probably going to be competitive
But I actually think we're going to win by a lot, just like we did last time
But I really believe we'd be up 20 points
I mean, all they do is negative, negative, phony stuff
Russia, Russia, Russia
The impeachment hoax
That's a hoax
But you know, we had great support from the Republican party in the House
It was 197 to nothing
And in the Senate, it was 52 and-a-half to a half
You know what the half was? A halfwit
And while the extreme left has been wasting America's time with the hoaxes, we've been killing terrorists, creating jobs, raising wages, enacting fair trade deals, securing our border and lifting up citizens of every race, color, religion and creed
By the way, they turned away 21,000 people outside, so feel very good
Feel very good
We haven't had an empty seat
You know what? We haven't had True
We haven't had an empty seat, and this is a tribute to all of us because this is a movement like nobody's ever seen
But we haven't had an empty seat since your great and this is a great first lady
Came down the escalator with me in Trump Tower a long time ago
We haven't had an empty seat
From our rural communities to our inner cities, we're expanding the blessings of America to all of our citizens
We added another 225,000 new jobs last month alone
You saw that, the geniuses
You saw that
You saw that last month
They were doing predictions on one of the shows
What do you think? Well, I think 60,000
What do you think? I think 100,000
What do you think? I think 84,000
These are the ones that tell you all about how to invest
What do you think? And then they came out 225,000, the market goes up again
225,000
225,000
So many manufacturing jobs
So many that frankly, we're never going to come back
Remember, you need a magic wand, right? They came back
And remember this, we're paying interest
The past administration didn't pay interest
They pumped money in like it was candy
And we didn't pump money in, we took money out
And not that I was happy about that, because I disagree with it
Because frankly, if we kept the old practice which frankly, some people could dispute one way or the other, we would have been up in my opinion, another 10,000 points in the Dow
And we've set 144 records on the stock market in three years, 144 records
144 records
Record stock market
And you know what that means? That your 401Ks are up 60%, 70%, 80%, 90%, 100%
Guys come up to me
He said, Mr
President, I just want to thank you
My wife used to look at me like I was a total loser, sir
Every year we lost money for years and years
She said what the hell is wrong with you, Henry? And this year sir, I'm up 92%
She loves to me again
She thinks I'm a genius
92% 401K
She thinks I'm a genius, sir
She loves me again
Shows what money can do, right? But that makes And think of this
Seven million new jobs since we were elected, we were elected
And when I took over, ISIS was all over the place
And we immediately started
We have destroyed 100% of the ISIS caliphate
We have killed the founder and leader of ISIS, al-Baghdadi is dead
And we just took out the world's top terrorist, Qasem Soleimani, ending his evil reign of terror forever
And the fake news doesn't want to tell you that
They don't want to tell you that
They don't want to tell you
In fact, do you remember the dog? Great dog, Conan
When we took out, right? We love Conan
Conan's a tough dog
But when we took out al-Baghdadi, Conan Remember this? Conan got more publicity than President Trump
That's okay
They were looking for al-Baghdadi for 16 years
We found him and we took him out
We killed another one last week
The head of Al-Qaeda
He was gone, dead
And America is respected again, respected like never before
We're respected again
We're no longer the laughingstock that gets taken advantage by every country, including by the way, our allies, who in many cases take a bigger advantage than our enemies
I will tell you that
They take big advantage, but not so much anymore
We're winning
We're winning like never before
Washington Democrats keep on losing their minds
They hate the fact that we're winning
We're winning big
We're winning, winning, winning
And that is why millions of registered Democrat voters are leaving their party to join our movement
They're joining our great Republican party in droves
You see it all the time
I just spoke to some of your leaders
He said, This is unbelievable what's happening
This is unbelievable
You know, there have never been rallies like that
Sleepy Joe Biden the other day had 68 people
And now they have a new member of the crew, mini Mike
Mini Mike
No boxes, we call him no boxes
And I hear he's getting pounded tonight
You know, he's in a debate
I hear they're pounding him
He spent $500 million so far, and I think he has 15 points
It just came out
Hey fake news, how many points does he have right now, 15? They won't tell you the truth
They won't tell you the truth
MSDNC, MSDNC is worse than CNN
They're owned by a company called Comcast
You can have Comcast, a bunch of phonies
But MSDNC is worse than CNN, and they're all pretty bad
You know, they just came out with a poll
They just came out with a poll a little while ago
Mini Mike was at 15, and crazy Bernie was at 31
That's a lot
And mini Mike just spent $500 million
But the DNC is going to take it away from Bernie again
That's okay, because we don't care who the hell it is
We're going to win
We're going to win
We have to
Well let me tell you, these crooked politicians, they really took away three years from us
Because despite the fact and nobody disputes it, that we've done more in three years with the tax cuts and regulation cuts and the military and the choice and everything, we've done more than any administration in history
We've done more
But think of it, think of it
We did it with phony witch hunts
We did it with the impeachment hoax over our head the whole time
We did it under circumstances that should never ever happened to another President again
True
But with your energy and enthusiasm this November, we're going to take back the House, we're going to hold the Senate, and we are going to keep the White House
So we're thrilled to be joined tonight by some of the best, greatest
I love them
Leaders in America, Arizona leaders
I want to start
Come on up here, Governor Doug Ducey
Come on up here, Doug
Come on up here
You're going to speak in a second
Also, I call them warriors because they fought like hell
They worked with our future Speaker of the House, Kevin McCarthy
But we have some of your great warriors
Paul Gosar, come up here, Paul
Come up here
Andy Biggs
Andy Biggs, head of the Freedom Caucus
Andy Biggs
David Schweikert
David, come up here
A big, big star
You know about that, Doug
She became this monster star
She looked with such indignation at the other side, such disgust, Debbie Lesko
He'll be running some day
You said your grandson? Wow
He'll be running someday
Arizona Senate President, you know who that is, right? Karen Fann
Come up, Karen
Arizona House Speaker, Rusty Bowers
Vice President of the Navajo nation, Myron Lizer
And Arizona Republican party State Chair, Kelly Ward
Kelly Ward, come up
And we have a lot of other leaders, but we've got to get back to speaking
Do me a favor before I introduce a very special guest, I'd like to ask your great Governor You know, he won like by 16 points
It wasn't even a contest
You know, I'm very competitive
I want to beat him
Will you please get out to the polls so we can beat him? But he's tough to beat
Doug Ducey, say a couple of words, please
Please
These are great people, great people
Thank you very much
So you know, before I introduce somebody very important to all of us, to me Also, I have to say with us tonight is an Arizona hockey great, a friend of mine
He's a great golfer too
He's a tough golfer
I'll tell you, he's tough to beat
He's tough as hell
And if you beat him in golf, he'll try and beat you physically
He doesn't care
He was the toughest hockey player
He was one of these guys, he could beat you one way and if he couldn't, he just beat them up, right? He'd beat him up
And he's a friend of mine
He's a great guy, Jeremy Roenik
Where's Jeremy? Where is he? Thank you, Jeremy
He's a winner
We're also joined by Donald, Jr
and Kimberly
They're great people, great
And RNC co-chairman, Tommy Hicks
And RNC finance chairman, also happens on a team called the Chicago Cubs, I shouldn't tell you that Todd Ricketts
So finally, it's my great honor to introduce a tremendous person, a great fighter pilot
A lot of people don't know that
She's a great fighter pilot and a warrior Senate
She helped us so much during the impeachment hoax, she didn't wobble one bit, Martha McSally
You know, Martha's tough on the border
And she's working with me to strengthen our military still further, and lower your prescription drug prices
We're making a lot of progress
But her opponent, I have to say this Martha, a guy named Mark Kelly
Even the Democrats don't like him much
He wants to raise your taxes, open your borders, give away free healthcare to illegal immigrants, and he wants to obliterate your second amendment
He wants to get rid of it
The radical liberal Democrats from California and Massachusetts, they're pouring money into Kelly's campaign, because they know that he's a rubber stamp for crying Chuck Schumer, crying Chuck, and nervous Nancy wacko Pelosi
And we're going to have a new Speaker
But that's why Martha has my complete and total support and endorsement, and we have to all get out there and make sure that Martha McSally She's a warrior
Let me tell you, you don't know
We don't know
People don't know, people
This one is tough as hell, and that's what we need
Martha McSally
Thank you
We'll be back
Thank you Martha
Well, she's right
How about that Congressman Al Green? We can't beat him, so we have to impeach him
How about that? That's not what our as they call them, the founders
How many times did you hear the name, the founders? That's not what the founders had in mind
But we're going to have a big, big election victory
We're working to- But we're going to have a big, big election victory
We're working together
I don't think the Republican party has ever been more unified than it is right now
I really don't believe so
So whatever you can do for Martha, we need her
It's been so incredible
Thank you very much
Thank you for everything, Martha
I appreciate it
Thank you
Together we're building the world's most prosperous economy and the most inclusive society anywhere
We're inclusive
This is the Republican party
We're inclusive
Right here in Right? You know that
Right here in America, right here in Arizona, we've created 240,000 new jobs right here
Including over 60,000 new manufacturing and construction jobs here
Nobody thought it was possible
You've had the best year that you've ever had
Arizona, you've had the best year, the most successful year that you've ever had in the history of the country
It's the best year you've ever had
So I'm going to take all the credit away from your governor
I don't care
No, we have a great team with Doug and everybody else, but you've had the greatest year
You know that, Doug, number one year in the history of your state
It's an incredible achievement
Incredible achievement
I don't know, this has to be pretty good stuff on the debate stage
We'll talk about, Well, you had the best In many states, the best year they've ever had
Then they said, Let's get a new president
I don't think that's going to work so easily
The country's had the best year it's ever had
Let's get a new president
Let's put in crazy Bernie
Let's go
Crazy Bernie
Unemployment has reached its slowest rate in over 51 years, half a century
The average unemployment rate for my administration Think of this
The average, so we're talking about now more than three years, is the lowest for any US president in recorded history
The unemployment rate among African Americans, Hispanic Americans, and Asian Americans has reached record lows, lowest in history
African American youth unemployment has reached an all time low in the history of our country
African American and Hispanic American poverty has plummeted to the lowest rate ever recorded
The unemployment rate for women has reached the lowest level in 71 years
Soon to be historic
And veterans' unemployment has dropped to a record low
We're working with our veterans, we're taking care of our veterans like nobody's ever taken care of our veterans
The unemployment rate for disabled Americans has reached the lowest level in history
Workers without a high school diploma, you have a lot of them
They left high school
They said, I should have finished
They left
They can't go back
They left
We've achieved the lowest unemployment rate without a diploma ever recorded in US history
Isn't that great? They're great numbers
Hispanic Americans right now, more than 500,000 own a home
More than 500,000 more own a home
And we've lifted 10 million people off of the welfare rolls
Think of that
10 million people have come off of the welfare rolls
And happily
Not that we did anything
They have jobs and they love them
They're making much more money and they love getting up and going for work
If they don't like that job, they can get another one, because people are starving to get great employees right now
They're starving to get great employees
Since my election, the net worth of the bottom half of wage earners has increased by 47%, three times faster than the increase for the top 1%
Median income
Think of this
This is such a big deal
Median household income reached the highest level in the history of our country
Under President Bush, in eight years it went to $450 more
Under President Barack Hussein Obama, under a period of eight years, it went to $975
Under president Donald J
Trump Did you ever hear of him? In only three years, including regulation cuts and tax cuts Because the other ones raise taxes
We cut taxes by the record amount
It went to $10, 000 per family
A record
A record
That's why our consumer right now, our people, they're booming with cash
That's one of the reasons our economy is doing so much better
China had the worst year in the last 67 years
Asia's doing poorly
Europe is doing poorly
The United States is doing great
We're doing the best we've ever done
The best we've ever done
To lift up forgotten communities that need investment, and these are really communities that need it the most, we created Opportunity Zones
We worked with Tim Scott, the great senator from South Carolina
His idea
He came in and saw me
I said, Let's give it a shot
Nothing's worked over the years, but this has really worked
Now jobs and investment are now pouring into 168 newly designated Opportunity Zones right here in Arizona alone
From Apache to Navajo and Maricopa Counties
We're supporting working families by fighting pay
We are doing a job with paid family leave
We're doing something that nobody's ever done to this extent
Reducing the cost of childcare and giving 40 million American families an average of $2,200 in their pocket thanks to the Republican child tax credit
Our historic regulatory reduction campaign is restoring American liberty and cutting through job, killing red tape like nobody has ever cut regulations before
We've ended the war on American energy, lowering utility bills, reducing prices at the pump, and eliminating our reliance on hostile foreign suppliers
For the first time, America is now energy independent
Such beautiful words
Energy independent
We fought wars
We did everything we could
We used to take the straits and everybody else benefited
We'd them clear so that other countries could take oil from the Middle East with That nobody paid us
Now they're starting to pay us a lot of money, folks
They took advantage of us
But we have everything we need right now
We have made such progress in the last three years with pipelines
The Keystone Pipeline, Keystone XL
I approved it
The Dakota Access Pipeline
I approved it
48,000 jobs
We're reversing decades of calamitous trade policies
The worst trade deals any human being has ever seen
I said, Who made these deals? The worst, stupidest deals I've ever seen
They were good for other nations
If you like other nations, that's great
But we're now putting America first
It's very simple
For years, Washington politicians took money from lobbyists, global corporations, and really, the most corrupt special interests anybody's ever seen
To ship our jobs and our factories to other countries
We lost our taxes, we lost our workers, we lost our companies, and we did nothing about it
Now we've done a lot about it because companies are pouring back in
America lost one in four manufacturing jobs following the twin disasters of NAFTA, the worst deal ever made, worst trade deal ever made, and one that was almost as bad and gave China an entrance into being a rocket ship when they entered the World Trade, WTO
One of the worst deals that we participated in this
By the way, we just won $7
5 billion in a lawsuit with WTO
We weren't winning anything
We weren't winning anything, but they said, I think this guy's going to pull out
They treated us so unfairly
We were always in the minority position
I mean, who the hell negotiated these deals? But they look at us and they say, Look, if we're not treated fairly, we're gone
All of a sudden, we're winning all these cases
But we just won 7
5 billion
7
5 billion
Did you know that, Doug? 7
5 billion
But under this administration, the great betrayal is over
America's no longer for sale
America is no longer for sale
Those days are over
Two generations of politicians came and went promising to replace NAFTA
How many times have you heard we're going to replace NAFTA? Probably the number one reason I ran for office
Are we glad I ran for office? I think so
It's funny, I was watching the different I find it fascinating
I'm watching the different returns coming in and I'm watching as much as I can of this stuff
I love it
We all love it
If you don't love it, you're not going to do it very well
The crazy New York Times, which was a dead newspaper when I ran, it was dead as a doornail
A month before I ran, Doug, I held up a New York Times, it was like what you get thrown in your face at a supermarket
It was a thing
It just flew away
There was nothing
Now it's doing very well
But you know what? Someday we won't be here
When we're not, those papers are in big trouble
But this thing was a dead newspaper
But I was watching and they had an article this weekend about people that spent their own money and how they're doing
They have Mini Mike has spent $411 million
It's a question mark, how's he going to I'll tell you how he's going to do
He's probably not going to get the democratic nomination
That's how he's going to do
But Mini Mike, $411
Then they had this idiot, Steyer
We call him impeachment Steyer
How did that work out, Steyer? He's another beauty
The guy worked He spent 210 million
He got one-third of 1% in Iowa
In New Hampshire he did much better
He got less than 3%
Guy's in there for like 250 million
How did it work out, Steyer? You jerk
I never even heard of him
I never even heard of him
I turn on every time For years, I'm turning on Impeach him
They don't even know why
They never say why
They don't have any reason
Impeach the president
This guy spent a fortune on this stuff, so it worked out pretty good
But anyway, so then I go and I look
It has Mini Mike's Question marks
I can give you the answer, but right now they have to have a question mark, right? Then they go down and they had other people
Some of them I like
They have Ross Perot, who honestly It was a tough day for Bush when he joined the campaign
Because Clinton didn't win
Ross Perot took away 19% of the votes
Didn't Clinton get 41 or 43%? Give me a break
But that's okay
Whatever
But they had Ross Perot spent like 100 million, which is probably double if you bring it up to today's dollars
Then they have different people
A friend of mine who ran, Steve Forbes, he ran twice
He was in for a lot
Then they had Donald Trump
Now, this is your own money
This is your own money
I said I'd spend a lot of money on my primaries
We'll see how the hell we do
It's amazing
Once you win, money comes in
It comes in pretty fast
What's that all about? But so in the middle they had Trump, and then they had four or five that were behind me
Lot of money spent
Loss, loss, loss, loss, loss
But in the middle they have Donald Trump
It didn't say 500 million, and it didn't say 250 like this Steyer guy
It didn't say It said 70 million of my own money
I spent 70
It said, Donald Trump won the presidency of the United States
Right? We won
My father would teach me, if you could spend less and win, that's better than spending a lot and winning
Crooked Hillary spent at least three times more than we did and lost
Crooked as hell
She's crooked as hell
We have a double-sided justice
It's very unfair what's going on
Very unfair
But let's see how it all works out, folks
Let's see how it all works out
I hope you're going to be happy
I hope you're going to be happy, because there are a lot of dishonest slimeballs out there
Dishonest scum
Dirty cops, a lot of dirty cops
By the way, the FBI, those guys in that are incredible
But the ones on top, they were absolute scum
What they were trying to do, if that happened to Obama, or a Democrat, or especially a liberal Democrat, they'd be in jail for 50 years and it would have taken place two years ago already
They spied on our campaign
Remember that
After they spied, we won
Then after we won, they tried to get us out of office
It's never happened before in the history of our country, and we can't let that happen
We can never ever excuse it
We can never let them get away with that
Never let them get away with it
But we keep our promises that we work hard and our economy is great
The last month, we ended the NAFTA Look, you saw it
NAFTA catastrophe
That's what it was
We ended that catastrophe
Again, I really ran because of NAFTA
I said, How stupid
All over the place
In your state, but you go to New England, empty factories, empty buildings
Still you have empty buildings
We lost so much
We lost 60,000 factories and plants
I signed that brand new, beautiful US-Mexico-Canada Agreement into law
The USMCA is a gigantic victory for farmers, and ranchers, and manufacturers all across the great state of Arizona
By the way, for people with the small farms and small businesses, if you love your children, you can now leave your companies, you can leave your farm, you can leave your ranch to your children, and you don't have to to pay, they don't pay a death tax
They don't pay an inheritance tax
A big deal
That's a big deal
So if you love your children, it's good
If you don't love your children, it doesn't matter
Don't leave it to them, if you don't love
If your children are no good to you, don't give them anything
Let them go out and work like hell
No, if you love Does anybody in this incredible audience Man, this is a big building
Does anybody not love their children? Anybody? Do I have a hand? Do I have a There's a hand
You've got to be kidding
You've got to be kidding
So then you don't care about the tax
Okay, don't worry about it
He says, No, I don't care about that one
Well, that's good
You look like a nice guy too
He's tough
You'd love to be his kid, wouldn't you? But I also took the strongest ever action to confront China's massive theft of American jobs
Our strategy worked
Last month, we signed a groundbreaking trade agreement with China that will defend our workers, protect our intellectual property, and boost American exports
China will invest $250 billion a year into the United States and buy our products and create jobs
Nothing like that has ever happened before
After years of building up other countries, we are finally rebuilding our country
That's the way we want it
We are finally putting our country first
We are putting America first
On no issue have Washington Democrats more thoroughly sold out the American people than immigration
You know it almost better than anybody
Anybody, Doug
You know it better than anybody, what they've done on your border, but we're stopping that border
That border is clogged, and we've started the big wall right in Arizona
We build a lot of wall
That's a big one
That's a big one
Top of the line
Before I came into office, the far left's policy of open borders allowed deadly drugs to flow freely into our country, poisoning our children
Including, as you know very well right here in Arizona, Washington Democrats put the needs of illegal immigrants before the wellbeing of American citizens
They want to let anyone from around the world simply walk across the border
Then they want to give them a lifetime of free welfare, healthcare, everything
They want to give them everything
For a long period of time, they were treated You know this before I came
They were treated far better than our veterans were treated
Now our veterans are treated great
True
Illegal immigration costs Arizona taxpayers more than $2 billion every year
Two billion you're paying
Nearly 20% of Arizona's annual budget in general funds goes toward this big problem
For the amount of money Washington Democrats want to spend supporting illegal immigrants, we could rebuild our cities all throughout America, which is what we should be doing
Under my administration, we are finally taking care of our own citizens, including millions and millions of legal immigrants who follow our laws, pay their taxes, and are entitled to a government that protects their families and their communities
Every day, Democrats' open borders policies are harming and killing innocent lives
In Arizona alone last year, ICE officers arrested over 4,500 criminal aliens charged or convicted of dangerous offenses including robbery, rape, and murder
Right here in Phoenix, an illegal alien chased a man through a parking lot and shot him in cold blood, then walked over to the victim and shot him four more times right in the face as he laid dying in the street
This savage animal had previously been deported after serving six years in prison
He was in prison six years
He was there six years and nobody wants to talk about it
They want to protect them
Last year in Tucson, another illegal alien was sentenced to 10 years for repeatedly raping a vulnerable young woman
Yet left wing politicians oppose all detention of illegal aliens, even convicted criminals, and they support deadly sanctuary cities that release these criminal aliens directly into America's communities
Thankfully, Arizona has banned sanctuary cities
With a Republican majority in Congress, we will ban them in every state in America
30 in the morning
I then went to California, made two speeches
I then went someplace else
I said, Am I finished? No, you've got to go to Arizona tonight and speak in front of like 25,000 people
I said, That's okay
That's okay
I said, That's okay
No, I said, That's okay, because I love this unbelievable energy in this crowd
But you know what? Honestly, there's tremendous energy in our nation
There's tremendous energy in our nation
Greatest nation in the world
Thanks to our tireless efforts to secure the border, we have reduced illegal border crossings for eight straight months in a row, which will soon be a record
Illegal crossings are down 75% since last spring
The month of January saw the fewest illegal border crossings in two years
And we've ended catch and release, a horrible Democrat policy that we got terminated
Border patrol, great people, have seized the largest amount of deadly narcotics ever recorded in the history of our country this year
We've deported record numbers of gang members, including the worst gang of all, MS-13
Thousands and thousands of people have been thrown the hell out of our country
We've done more to secure the border than any administration in history
We're building the wall, as I said, faster than ever
It will soon be almost one new mile a day
We're looking for that
Washington Democrats have never been more extreme, taking cues from crazy Bernie Sanders
How's he doing tonight? 132 congressional Democrats have signed up for Bernie's healthcare takeover of the world
Think of this, 180 million Americans are going to lose healthcare coverage under this plan
But if you don't mind, I'm not going to criticize it tonight
Let them keep going and I'll start talking about it about two weeks out from the election
Okay? Because I don't want him to change
Please don't change
Same with the Green New Deal
I don't want to talk about it, Doug, tonight
I don't want to talk about it
I came up with the name Pocahontas
Too early
But fortunately, she's self-destructed anyway
Did you ever see a phony like that? She's a phony
She lost because she couldn't keep it straight on her own heritage
She said she was an Indian
I said,  I have more Indian blood in me than you have, and I have none
She said, Oh, and she panicked
She panicked, and she had a test
You know the result, 1/124th
I think I win the bet
Somewhere along the line, I think I win
No, she I did it too early
I would have saved it, but I guess it was effective
She's essentially gone-zo, so One of those things
While the socialist Democrats are try-  one of those things
While the socialist Democrats are trying to destroy American healthcare and your social security, my administration is protecting your social security, your Medicare, and is fighting to give you great healthcare
And that's what we're getting
That's right
One of the big secrets
The Democrats won't let us say it
They want to keep that as quiet as possible
Look what they gave you, the worst healthcare
And what we've done, we've gotten rid of things that nobody could believe that was so bad for you
Everybody was happy with defending your right to keep your doctor and plan of your choice
We're making healthcare better and much, much cheaper while premiums more than doubled in the last five years before I took office, we are now offering plans that are up to 60% less expensive than they were, and it's better healthcare
A lot of people don't know this
People don't know this
They think that's their issue
It's not
They failed on healthcare
We're protecting people with preexisting conditions, and we always will
And by the way, we're trying to get rid of Obamacare, but we're managing it incredibly, but we're trying to get rid so we can give you a great healthcare plan and protect preexisting conditions
Remember that
We're trying to get rid of it, but while we're having it, we're managing it really much better than they did
Remember they built the $5 billion website? Remember that? It was supposed to cost $5 million
It cost $5 billion
$5 billion
I mean, you could get a kid out of high school
I have a son
He's a young boy, 13
He uses a computer
He could have given them a healthcare site
I would say he would have charged them $100, Barron Trump, and it would've worked
He's so good
Hi dad
How you doing, dad? How's it going? Bing, bing, bong
I said, Don't play with that while you're talking to me
What's going on, dad? These kids are incredible, right? The kids, they make us look like babies with that
But he could have given you a great site for about $2
They spent $5 billion on a site that never worked
By the way, speaking of that, how did they do with their vote count in Iowa? And I hear, I hear, I don't want to say it
I don't want to jinx them because, of course, I want them to do well, but I do
We don't have anything
Nobody's running against us in so many states
It's sort of nice
We can save the thunder, right? But I hear that in Nevada
I'm hearing bad things about their vote count
I hear a lot of bad things are happening, like they don't know what the hell they're doing
I turned on the other night, Iowa, I wanted to see  And by the way, we set a record in the history of Iowa
We had more votes than anybody's ever had as an incumbent president
Same thing in New Hampshire
It's a good sign
It's a good sign
By a lot
By the way, by a lot
But I'm hearing that, and I hope this isn't the case because I'd like to find out who the hell won
We still don't know who won in Iowa
I heard coming over here they're still working on the count
No, no, no
He said, You won
Yeah, I think we did win
I think we did
Very good
That's very good
I have to thank you, that one
That's very good
No, we did win
Look, we are winning
We're winning big
We have fake polls out there
These guys do fake polls
They are fake polls
I had a poll
It's just like it was in 2016
I'd hear these polls
I'd hear women didn't like me, and I did great with women
I hear everyone didn't like me
Nobody liked me
Nobody liked me
And then we won
Thank you, women
Nobody liked me 2016
No, no, I hear that
Remember, women didn't like him, and at the end of that he did great with women
He did great with this
He did great with everybody
We did great with everybody
Remember, 306 to 223
That's a slaughter
That's a slaughter
Remember, they said he cannot get, they used the word path
There is no path, right, to 270? I was at 269 if I did great, but they said there's no chance
But I was at 269, so I went to Maine
I love Maine
I went to Maine
Maine's cut in half
And one Maine has one
I went there four or five times
People are great
I won it
And they were right
There is no path to 270, but there was a path to 306
These people
These people
There is no path
That's right, Doug
They said there is no path, the fake news media
There is no path for Donald Trump
And then they said the evening of the election, It's going to be a really short night for Donald Trump
Thank God, we got rid of this guy
Because they did the exit polls going out, right? And I was even told, but a lot of people didn't want to talk about it
The highest number in history of people that said very nasty language, but I'm not going to use that name because you'll kill me if I use it
So I won't use it
It's a much better story if I use it because that's the truth
That's what they said
How did you vote? Usually, they say, I voted for Clinton, or, I voted for Trump
Right? How'd you vote? None of your business
See, I'm being nice, right? I'll keep it that way because otherwise we'll ruin the whole evening
They'll say, His language, right? Even this tough guy in the front says, I agree
How did you vote? No, I don't want to tell you
How did you vote? None of your damn business
I'm not going to tell you
How did you vote? I'm not   And it was like this massive number, right? Massive
So everybody, they just didn't count that
So they said numbers are looking unbelievably well for crooked Hillary Clinton
They're looking unbelievable
This is going to be a very short evening for Donald Trump
We finally will be rid of this guy
And then the numbers started coming in
The numbers started coming in, and it started with the great state of Florida
Donald Trump has won the state of Florida
And then that beautiful convention center, the most beautiful stage I've ever seen
And they knew something was going on because they didn't pay the final payment for the fireworks two weeks before
Right? In fact, I went to the fireworks company, and I said, I'll give you five cents on the dollar for your fireworks, even though they were no way near where my area was
We were at a hotel in Midtown
We liked the location better than where she chose, but they built the most  we remember that beautiful stage
It was shaped like the United States of America
And by the end, it didn't look too good
Did you ever see more unhappy people? So they go, Donald Trump has won the great state of Florida
They go, Whoa, whoa, whoa
They outspent me like five to one
Only negative ads
They're all negative
So by the time people got into the voters booth, they only knew one thing
She hated Donald Trump, but they said, What the hell does she stand for? What does she do? Every ad was a negative ad
So it tells you negative ads, at least against me, aren't so good
They can be effective
But I think they spent like $ 2 billion on negative ads
Everything was negative
So nobody knew what the hell she spent
You know, her husband said she was going to lose
Her husband's a professional
Her husband said, You better go to Michigan because I was there and they got a Trump/Pence sign on every lawn I've ever seen
You better go to Wisconsin, Hillary
You better go to Wisconsin
She said, No, we haven't lost Wisconsin in 36 years
No, no, Hillary, you got to go there
I'm telling you, I don't like what I saw
No, what do you know? He's a professional politician
She wasn't
It's one of those little problems in life
So then it came in, and then we won South Carolina
We won North Carolina
Right? And we were leading Pennsylvania by so much that if I lost, remember at 2% of the vote left, if I lost every single vote, I win by a lot
They refused, the fake news refused to call it
I kept saying, We won Pennsylvania
Why don't they call it? It was very late in the evening when they called it because they are fake, they're crooked
They are fake
And I said, Why don't they call Pennsylvania? But some beautiful things happened
And by the way, Ohio, we won by one of the largest margins ever
The great, great, great state of Ohio
Remember? Remember, they used to say a year before the election, they said, Well, nobody can win
Nobody, unless you win the great state of Ohio
And we won the great state of Ohio, and we won it big
We knew we were going to win it
And now we're up a lot more than we were up even then, because you know why? We're bringing back jobs
We're bringing back factories
Everybody's working
Nobody's ever had a better year than we've been having
And we've been doing it for a long time, right? Almost from the beginning
And don't let them try and take credit, because if they came in, we would have ended up in a massive recession or worse, the D word, depression
We would have been, because they were going to put more and more and more regulations on
And I'll tell you, maybe bigger than even the tax cuts, and I did it sooner, were the regulation cuts
We freed up our nation to go back to work
True
So then we won Wisconsin, and then we won Michigan because those companies, now they're pouring back in
The auto companies are pouring back in, and Wisconsin's doing great with the farmers that Canada was taking
You know, Canada was charging our farmers 287% tariffs for dairy products
Okay? So what happens is this, we're working on healthcare
We're fighting to stop surprise medical billing
I just signed an executive order imposing price transparency because when providers are required to show their prices, those same prices fall very fast
We've approved a record number of affordable new generic drugs, which are just as good as the brand drugs, but they cost a tiny fraction
We've totally transformed veteran's healthcare, including getting long-sought VA choice and VA accountability, which they said could not be done
And we passed the spectacular right to try
So if you're in trouble, and I hope nobody in this massive arena's in trouble, but if you're in trouble, you can go and get whatever the new drug or whatever where we have the best doctors, best hospital, best labs
You get it
And the luck we are having, we are saving so many lives
It's incredible what's happening
People would go to Europe
They'd go to Asia
If they had no money, they'd go home and die
Now they have the right to use our drugs before they're approved
Think of that
Before they're approved
And we're very importantly combating the opioid epidemic
Drug overdose deaths
The overdose deaths have declined for the first time in 34 years, and life expectancy is rising again in our nation
We've launched bold new initiatives combating kidney disease and Alzheimer's disease
We're making tremendous progress, and we're pursuing new advances in neo-medical research
Think of that, neonatal research, the numbers are incredible
What's happened is incredible, to care for America's youngest patients and breaking all records in doing so
All of the radical Democrats in the presidential debates have declared their unlimited support for extreme late-term abortion, ripping babies straight from the mother's womb right up until the very moment of birth
That is why in my State of the Union, I asked Congress to prohibit late-term abortion of babies because Republicans believe that every child is a sacred gift from God
The Democrat party is the party of high taxes, high crime, open borders, late-term abortion, socialism, blatant corruption, and the total destruction of your Second Amendment
The Republican party is the party of the American worker, the American family, the American dream, the Second Amendment and the late great Abraham Lincoln, right? Republicans are fighting for citizens from every background, every community, and every walk of life
We are the party of boundless optimism, excitement, energy, and enthusiasm
We have tremendous energy
Tremendous energy
Everybody says to me, Where do you get the energy? Because I love what we're doing
I see the results, and they're happening faster than you even think
You see the numbers
They're happening faster than you would even think
We are asking all Americans to join our incredible movement
We are the big tent
We are the big party
We are the party with big ideas for the future
Republicans are fighting for school choice because no parent should ever be forced to send their child to a failing government school
Right? Right? To keep our community safer and give former prisoners a second chance at life
There's been nothing like this
I passed criminal justice reform, not the Democrats
I did it with the Republicans, and this could not have been done by anybody but me and the Republican party
The Democrats did not do it
They could never have done it
 Neil Gorsuch and Brett Kavanaugh
We have invested $2
2 trillion to rebuild the United States military, including nearly $200 million for Marine Corps Air Station Yuma
Right? I recognized Israel as the true capital and opened the American Embassy in Jerusalem
We recognize Israel sovereignty over the Golan Heights
They've been trying to get it for 52 years
And for years, you watched as your politicians apologized for America
You saw that
They apologized
Now you have a president who is standing up for America, and we are standing up for the people of Arizona
At stake in our present battle is the survival of our nation
It is
This election is so important
It's the survival of our nation
If you want your children to inherit the blessings that generations of Americans have fought and died for to secure, then we must devote everything we have toward victory in November of 2020
You're the forgotten people no more
Right? No deplorables, right? No deplorables
Who knew that was going to turn out to be such a disaster? But you know, she used the worst word
What was the word she used? Irredeemables, right? I thought that was the problem
No, it was deplorable
So what the hell do I know about politics? She said, You're irredeemable and deplorable
I said, Oh, that irredeemable's terrible
The next day people are showing up
Women, I'm a deplorable
Only this way can we save the America we love and drain the Washington swamp, which is vicious, horrible, ugly, and evil
Much worse than I thought
But we're getting there and not pleasant
A bunch of really bad people, very dishonest people
With your help, we will lift millions more of our citizens from welfare to work, from dependence to independence, and from poverty to prosperity
Together, we will elect a Republican Congress to create a fair, safe, sane, and lawful system of immigration
We will continue to enact trade deals that result in more products proudly stamped with those beautiful, beautiful words and phrase
I love the phrase, Made in the USA
Made in the USA
We will achieve new breakthroughs in science and medicine, finding new cures for childhood cancer and ending the AIDS epidemic in America within now nine years
We started a year ago
Can you imagine that? We're doing that, and it's going to happen
Who would have thought we could have done that? We will land the first woman on the moon and become the first nation in the world to plant our flag on Mars
We will defend privacy, free speech, and you know this
You know it's under siege, religious liberty, and the right to keep and bear arms
We will defend it
It's under siege
It's under siege
You see it in Virginia
They want to take away the guns
Above all, we will never stop fighting for the sacred values that bind us together as one beautiful America
We support, protect, and defend the Constitution of the United States
we stand with the incredible heroes of law enforcement
We believe in the dignity of work and the sanctity of life
We believe that faith and family, not government and bureaucracy are the true American way
We believe that children should be taught to love our country, honor our history, and to always respect our great American flag
And we live by the words of our national motto In God We Trust
From Tucson to Tombstone, right? Do you agree? You agree, right? Look at him
He's agreeing, this guy
He's agreeing
No more censorship is right
No more evil
No more crimes
You're right
From Yuma to Mesa and from Flagstaff to right here in Phoenix, we stand on the shoulders of red-blooded American Patriots who poured their heart, sweat, and soul to secure our liberty and to defend our freedom
Arizona was founded by pioneers and prospectors, great prospectors, cowboys and miners and ranchers who tamed the wilderness, braved the blazing sun, and it is hot here
I've been here during the summer
I want to tell you, it's seriously hot
Of course, didn't they say that President Clinton, when he went on the back of the plane was here to play golf, it was 121 degrees that day? I don't know about that
I don't know about that
What do you think he was doing with the Attorney General? I remember he said, Oh, I just happened to see she was  I was here to play golf
It was 120 degrees out
I don't know
A lot of crooked stuff went on
I wonder what they talked about
I'm sure it wasn't that she would become a Supreme Court Justice
I'm sure it wasn't that they were going to extend her tenure as Attorney General
She was a real beauty
I'm sure it wasn't
I'm sure it was nothing
They spent 45 minutes on the plane talking about golf and their grandchildren
Right? Can't let it happen, folks
Can't let it happen
We can't let it happen
You fought the battles and helped make this the greatest nation ever to exist on the face of the earth, and we are making it greater every single day than ever before
Great, great, great citizens like you helped build this country, and together we are taking back our country
We are returning power to you, the American people, with your help, your devotion and with your drive
We are going to keep on working
We are going to keep on fighting, and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning
Do you like winning? Because not very long ago you weren't winning, and I don't want you  I told this a few times during the campaign
Haven't used it in a long time, but I don't want you going to your great governor
He's a great governor, Doug Ducey
I don't want you going to your governor saying, Governor, governor, we just can't stand winning so much
Please go see the president in the oval office
Governor, the people of Arizona don't want to keep on winning
It's too much governor
It's not even fair to the rest of the planet
Please tell him, Governor Ducey, please tell him, President, the people of Arizona have won too much
We don't want to keep on winning
' And I'll look at Doug Ducey, and I'll say, Doug, I've a lot of respect for you, Doug
You won by 16 points
That means a lot
But Doug, I don't care what you say
We're going to keep on winning, and we're going to win like never before
And the people of Arizona are going to love it
And he's going to say, Thank you, Mr
President
I'm going back home
The fact is, we are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God
America is thriving like never before
And ladies and gentlemen of Arizona, the best is yet to come
That's right
Together, we will make America wealthy again
We will make America strong again
We will make America proud again
We will make America safe again, and we will make America great again
Thank you very much
Thank you, Arizona
Thank you

Doesn't have the power
Doesn't have the staying power
You see what's happening in California
Blackouts, rolling blackouts
How would you like that in Pennsylvania? The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania
Darling, what's wrong? I can't watch Trump on television
I can't watch our president
Darling, we have a rolling blackout
It'll only be a few hours
I think we'll be on by two o'clock in the morning, darling, and we can watch a rerun
Now, this is what's happening
You have rolling blackouts
You have, in some cases, just blackouts
I don't even call them rolling
Not going to happen to your state
Last year, I visited the Shell petrochemical plant in Beaver County, Pennsylvania, the largest investment in your state's history
That was all made possible by our pro energy policies
We've done it a lot
In Louisiana, we're building some of the largest plants you've ever seen, largest in the world and it's incredible, all related to energy, but your security and your jobs are in very grave peril, because the radical left maniacs, they don't want to have anything to do with energy
They don't want anything to do with, they have different concepts, right? They have the green new deal, whether it will be no energy, almost of any kind
No, it's crazy
Thought of by AOC plus three
You know AOC? and she's got them
She's radical left, but she's not as bad as some of them
How about Omar of Minnesota? We're going to win the state of Minnesota because of her, they say
He's telling us how to run our country
How did you do where you came from? How is your country doing? She's going to tell us, she's telling us how to run our country
You know what? The Democrats in Congress, you have to see what they are doing
Their stance on Israel, it's like a whole different world
It's like from 10 years ago, it's like a different world and we want to keep our world the way it was and the way it's going to be
We've got the greatest country on earth and we're going to keep it that way
We don't need socialist and we don't need communist telling us how to run our country
I do this every night and a lot of times it's a waste
I did it last night
We were  Did you see the crowd we had last night? We were in a great place, Ohio
We had a crowd
We had a crowd
You couldn't see the end of it
I said, Turn around camera, turn around
But, they never liked doing that, you know? They don't like spinning those cameras
They don't want to show the crowd
They don't like showing
They don't like showing, show the crowd and this is  it's an honor
Let me tell you
Look, I used to think that was a difficulty like it was a new camera that can't turn, but then whenever there was like a problem, like there'd be a little argument or some kind of an anti-Trump person, you don't see that much
I don't want to bring it on, but you don't see it much anymore
You know why? It's dangerous
It's dangerous for them, but you know, I'd see the camera would never move, whenever where there's something like a little negative happening, that thing would turn around like a pretzel
I said, Oh, it does move
But, they never want to show the crowds
They never, last night
Now, I went home and I tell you this, I go home all the time
First lady, How'd you like the crowd? Sir, I didn't see it
I didn't see it, but I didn't see it, Donald
I didn't see it
Sometimes she'll call me Mr
President, but she's only kidding
Believe me
She's only kidding
Has she been a great first lady, right? She's been a great first lady and very popular
She's really done a great job
She works hard
We have some great people here tonight
I brought certain members of my family, but I'm going to introduce them to you in a little bit, okay? Great family
They work hard
I'll tell you what, they work hard
They really work hard
But I do wish they would show because it would be, you know, it's actually better for them if they show
It shows the importance
The only thing you can do is show
I'll say, How did it look? I don't know how it looked, but the sound was phenomenal
Okay? It sounded like a Penn state football game like the Steelers football game
You can't disguise it
You ever see Sleepy Joe with the little circles? Oh, you can
He puts them very far away, so far away
Then he comes up with the mask
He's like a hundred yards from the nearest human being
He's got a  He feels good about the mask
I wonder in the debate it'll be him and I or the stage
Is he going to walk in with a mask? No, I think he'll come in with a mask
I don't know
I have no idea
Well, the question is, will he leave it on during the debate? Because it's a little hard and I'm all for mask when you need them, I'm up, but when you're making a speech and the nearest person's like where you are and you're in a stage all by yourself and then he had a habit of taking it off and it hangs down on his ear as he's speaking, it makes him feel comfortable
Honestly, whatever makes you feel good is okay with me, but it'll be interesting
I'm going to be, we're going to have a big rating on that
He's been doing it all his life
He's been doing it for 47 years and I've just started doing this stuff
I'm just starting
But, I'm just thinking, but I did it more in 47 months than he did in 47 years
That's true
That's true
You look at what we've done
No, it's true
That's actually true
He did a lot of negative stuff too
You have to deduct that out
When asked if there would be any place for fossil fuels, including coal and fracking in a Biden administration, Joe replied, No, we would make sure that it's all eliminated
All of a sudden, he gets the nomination
He's been trying to get the nomination for decades
He finally get, and that was prime time for him, which was never great
He never got more than 1%
We called it
Remember, I called him his first nickname was 1% Joe
Frankly, had Elizabeth Warren been loyal to her philosophy, which is radical left, socialism, perhaps communism
I don't know, perhaps
It's verging on communism, right? But had she been loyal, she would've left
She would have quit
She had no chance
She was out
Pocahontas
She was gone
Remember, I said,  I have more Indian blood in me than you have and I have none
I'd love to have some, but I don't happen to have any
Then she choked and she went out and got a test
She announced she had 1024th, right? 1,000
That means, like I said it last night, that means around 700 or 800 years ago, somewhere, there was a little bit of a relationship going and that's okay
Seven, 800 years ago, maybe
What a phony she is
It's terrible
Now, we're going to pick a great woman, any one of the five that I told you, but any one of the women that we had they're all great people, great scholars, great, brilliant people
A lot of people
00 on Saturday at the White House
You see, we have tremendous Republican support
Two people
Always got to be two
Always got to be the two
Those two
We have great support from the Republican party, tremendous support
It's never been this unified before ever, ever and the fake impeachment
We had 196 to nothing Republican support
We had 52 and a half to a half in the Senate
Who is the half? I can't imagine
I can't
Buddy was very good today
I have to tell you, he was good
Now, I'm happy
Thank you, Mitt
Thank you
No, he was very good, very positive statement, but days ago, Biden reiterated his pledge to require net zero carbon emissions
That's basically saying, you know what that is? There'll be no more oil
There'll be no more gas
There'll be no more nothing
There'll be no more industry
There'll be no more country
That's what it's like really
That would instantly shut down all fracking and all mining immediately in Pennsylvania sending your jobs overseas, sending your money to somebody else, not you
I'll keep your jobs in Pennsylvania where they belong and you're going to be doing fracking for a long time
I can say the same because you are really big in energy
I can say the same thing to you as I say in Texas
So, they don't want oil
They don't want fracking, right? They don't want the energy that we know that powers these massive plants because the other stuff is wonderful
It's not going to do it
It's not going to do it
So, they don't like oil
They don't like the gas
They don't like God, religion, churches are close
How about these states? They still have churches closed
By the way, your governor hasn't been so great
You know that, right? Are your churches still closed? They're still closed
They're doing it for a reason
By the way, November 4th, they'll announce, We've decided to open up
Okay? They're trying to make our numbers as bad as possible
So, California's closed
Pennsylvania's closed
North Carolina's closed
Michigan is closed
That's another beauty right there, Michigan's closed
Then they have these fake ballots, millions and millions of ballots
By the way, when not if, when you see shenanigans, please report it to your authorities
Okay? The real authorities, they're watching and the authorities are watching, but please report it
But when you look at it, really, it's amazing
They're trying to make our numbers look bad, but even with numerous closed states and you notice also law and order, right? Law and order, the red states, the Republican states, they're working great
Record low crime, record low, but Democrat run states, you look at Chicago, you look at New York, New York has gone through a  We have to bring back
We should draft Rudy Giuliani
Okay? Let's bring him back
Draft Rudy
We want Rudy
Rudy, Rudy
I'll tell you Rudy is amazing, but he did a great job
New York was in big trouble
He came in and he just was tough, smart, and it became the safest big city
Now, we have a man where some categories of crime were up 300%
He fired 1,000
He fired a lot of police, I guess, a billion dollars a year worth of police, worth of great police, firemen and women
It's a terrible thing
I love that place so much and it's so sad to see what's happening to New York
We're going to make a little bit of a play for New York
In theory, the Democrats automatically win New York, but I do phenomenally in most parts
Then one part, it's automatic, but I can't imagine that particular part is going to be very happy
So, we're going to make a play for New York
With Pennsylvania, I don't have to make a play
We've got Pennsylvania
Just go out of here
We don't have to make a play
We don't have to
It's a great, you know, for years though Pennsylvania was a place that Republicans just didn't win
For many years, everybody thought they were going to win, every Republican
So yeah, we're going to win Pennsylvania
They thought they were going to win it and they didn't
I came along and we won it and we won it quite easily
Quite easy
I think we're going to do even better now, because remember, number one in the history of your state last year, and that's because of what we did, we stopped the dumping
We saved your stell
So many different things, but Pennsylvania is the home of American energy
Think of it that way
This has taken place over a very short period of time
Also, the birthplace of a thing called the American constitution
Right? American constitution
To uphold our constitution as written as opposed to as conceived by some radical left judge, I will soon be announcing that nominee
You're going to love it
You're going to be so happy
If you don't love it, don't vote for me
Okay? You don't like it
My opponent refuses to release a list of justices
I was told that a big thing when I was running last time, nobody really knew me
They knew me very well
We had great success at The Apprentice and in business and it was great, but they never knew what kind of a judge I would pick or to be a justice, right? A justice of the Supreme Court
I said, I mean, what am I going to do? How am I going to solve that problem? But, I was in politics, never
Don't forget, when I ran, they said, No, he's inexperienced
I ran against some very talented people
Some of whom are very good friends of mine
Some of whom I don't like too much
When I don't like somebody, it last for a long time, but I said, Well, how do we solve that problem? I don't know
They just weren't believing
The appointment of a- Just weren't believing
The appointment of a United States Supreme Court justice was much more important to the voters than I thought
And they're right, because they will set policy for 50 years and they'll set policy, whether it's life, whether it's second amendment
The second amendment, if I weren't president, you know the pressure, your second amendment would be obliterated
It would maybe be gone, but at a minimum obliterated, they haven't touched your second amendment
Not even touched it
Because I'm here to block
I'm a blocking force
I'm like a lineman for the Pittsburgh Steelers
I'm a blocking force
No, they haven't touched it
But your second amendment would be under siege
So nobody knew
I never knew
You hear about Supreme Court, you know about Supreme Court, you know about other judges, by the way at the end of the first term, we'll be close to 300 federal judges, including court of appeals, which I think is a record
I guess it's a record
It's a lot
That's a lot
Nobody's done that
It's record
Think of that
300
That's a big percentage of the entire judiciary
Think of that
300
And many, many court of appeals judges, but two great Supreme Court judges or justices
And now we're going to get a third
Can you imagine our enemies? Three in one term
So many presidents, they just don't have the chance and it's so important
But I said to my people, I said, so if they don't believe me, what I'll do is I'll make up a list of 25 judges or people and we'll tell them, I will only pick from that list
They said, That sounds like an interesting idea
This was my idea
When you've never run for office before you have to have a little bit of imagination
So I got out a list, I named the people, the people are good, and I said, And I promise that I will pick someone like the people on this list
And it didn't work
It went nowhere because they didn't trust it
They said, We want you to pick the people on the list, not somebody like the people on the list
So I went back the next week, I said, I will pick somebody that's on this list
And they were all great, great judges for the most part, I think almost entirely, but judges and really respected conservative believers in our country, solid, incredible people
And as soon as I did that, things went through the roof
It was amazing how important it was
By the way, would you stand up with that beautiful jacket? I love this guy
How many times- How many events? He's been to a couple
That's really great
Thank you very much
I've seen him before
He's been here a couple of times, like about 90
Thank you, man
That's really nice
I'm going to get one of those jackets
By the way, the wall
The wall, yeah, 330 miles
330 miles
330 miles
And yes, we have a great relationship with Mexico
First they said, He'll never be able to build it
The Democrats were just brutal
I made a terrible mistake, I said it last night, I should have said, We will not under any circumstances build a wall at our Southern border
They would have given me all the money in the world
But stupidly, I said, We will build a wall
And the Democrats said, Let's not give it to him
But we got it, we won
We won court cases, we won court cases
I won so much money we could build four walls if we wanted
So then they said, All right, all right
They've lost
So by the way, we're up to 330, the exact wall
Their dream choice
I said to the border patrol, I love these people, they're great, ICE, the border patrol, what they do is incredible
They're incredible
I said, Give me your dream wall, as long as we're building we might as well build a wall that you want
Let's build it right
Sir, we have to have vision
We need steel and concrete
I said, How about one or the other? They said, No, sir, we need steel and concrete
We need steel
Inside those poles we have rebar and we have concrete and they're 30 feet tall
We need all sorts of things
We need them to be wired
I won't tell you why they're wired, but they're wired for a reason
They're all wired up and they're incredible
But you know what? We got the wall
Nobody could have done it
So once we had the wall and it started going up and then we hit a hundred miles, 200 miles, now we're at 330, and we're building 10 miles a week and it'll be finished very soon
And we have the most secure border in terms of drug trafficking, trafficking coming along and we've done phenomenally well
Because that's a lot of the territory that we need
We're going to go up to probably a little bit over 500 miles, so we're at 330
But once they saw that I had it, they said, Yeah, but Mexico's not paying for it
But they are paying for it, Mexico's paying for the wall
They are paying for it
They're paying at the border
They're paying for the wall
All those trucks that go back and forth
They're paying for the wall
So the Democrats said, Yeah, but Mexico, they always have to find something, right? And do you remember what I used to say that if they fight us, remember people would say, What happens if they fight you on the wall? What happens if they fight you right to hell on the wall? I said, The wall would get 10 feet taller
Took a little hit on that, we took a little bit of a hit, but that's okay
The wall is a tall sucker, you don't want to get up to the top
They look down, they say, Oh, ye, ye, how do we get down off this? It's tall and it's strong and it's great
And we appreciate, because Mexico has been working with us very closely
They have right now 27,000 Mexican soldiers on our Southern border making sure that people don't come into our country
I want to thank the president of Mexico
Very helpful
So I made this list of potential justices and I'll tell you, it all changed
Now I'm asking sleepy Joe Biden to give me a list and he doesn't want to do it
You know why? Because he can only put super radical left judges on, people that would destroy our country, people that would destroy your country
And he knows that he's not electable He shouldn't be electable anyway
This is the worst candidate
You know where he is today? They have a thing called the LID
I don't even know
Do you know what LID stands for? LID
He put out a LID today early in the morning
LID means he's not going to be anywhere today
I'm working my ass off, I'm in Ohio, I'm in Texas, I'm in Florida, I'm in Michigan, I'm in Wisconsin
Man
Thank you
That's so nice
Well, that is something that one of the fake news reporters back there, they said they've never heard of that one
There was a chant that's going over the last six or seven rallies saying, We love you
' That's never happened to a politician before
Am I a politician? I don't want to be a politician
I don't think of myself as a politician
But it really is, I appreciate it
I've never heard it
I liked Ronald Reagan, but they never said we love you, or maybe they did
They're going to try and find out
Then they'll say, President Trump lied last night because 40 years ago I remember But no, nobody's ever heard that one before and I appreciate it because it is reciprocal
Thank you very much
Reciprocal
Reciprocal love
It's reciprocal
I had such a nice life before I did this
I had such a nice life
Then I had the witch hunt that goes on forever
It goes on
And then we catch them spying on our campaign
How about that? Let's see what happens though
But we caught them spying, all of that, the whole big deal
And then the guys that were doing the investigation, they have their 31 different phones, they were accidentally wiped clean
31 different phones, I think it was like 19 different people, and they all did the same exact accident
Which if you knew anything about phones, it's almost an impossibility to do it once
Let alone 31 different times
So we caught them and that's called obstruction
We have to remember that's called obstruction
That was the Mueller group
That was a Mueller group
All those phones, they were wiped so clean
And Hillary got a subpoena on the 30
I said, Forget about these things because you'll find them
They have them
They're in the state department
I have no doubt about it, they're in the state department but they'll get them
But you know what? 33,000, they have a request from the US Congress, that's not bad, US Congress they send a subpoena, very, very important, and after getting the subpoena, she deleted all of her emails and acid washed, and then she took her telephones
I've gotten rid of phones too
I throw them away
She took cameras and she beat the hell out of them with a hammer and then threw them away
And they found a couple of them
She was very angry, obviously, if she did the hammer work
But if anyone else said this, there's a protection, there's a dual level of justice, but we're getting down to the bottom of it because it's not fair to us
Not fair to us
33,000 emails
She deleted them on the basis that it was all about her daughter's wedding, Chelsea, and also yoga classes
33,000 emails on yoga and a wedding
I don't think so
And Comey said, Oh, that's okay
That sounds like a good reason
That's Comey
That's another beauty right there that Comey
But we caught him, we caught him
Very smart move
Getting rid of that guy was a smart move, but we caught him
Listen, we caught him
They were spying on the campaign, they were doing actually worse than that
Nobody's ever done a thing like this, so let's see what happens
But we caught him cold, we got so much stuff
Remember the insurance policy, right? From Strzok and Page, two lovers
They were very smart
They would use the public servers and send it over the public wires because they didn't want to be caught having an affair
So they went over the public
That was a very good thing for us
Wasn't it?  Darling, darling, darling, please
She's going to win
She's going to win, isn't she? Peter, Peter only you can save us
Peter, she's going to win
Yes, darling
She's going to win
I know
100,000 to nothing
Remember that? It was actually 100 million to one
This was a hundred million to one
This is this idiot
So listen, So darling, please, please tell me again
Yes, 100 million to one she's going to win
But just in case she doesn't, we have an insurance policy
Now that only means one thing
And we went through the insurance policy and we caught them
So let's see what happens to these treasonous crooks
These terrible people
And they put our nation through turmoil
But I just want to thank A lot of people were very unfairly treated
You look at General Flynn, look, he's still going through it
Can you believe it? But a lot of people were unfairly treated by a bunch of treasonous, horrible people
And they used the intelligence agencies of our country to try and steal an election and to try and do a coup
Wouldn't you think? Who would ever think this country But that's all you can say
Some people would say, Well, that's a conspiracy theory
No, just take a look at the records
For me, it's a very exciting thing because we found something that nobody would have thought possible
Now let's see what happens
But we have them cold, they spied on our campaign
It's our campaign And if you want to save America, you have to go out, get out and vote
This is the most important election
In just three and a half years we've secured America's borders, which makes them very unhappy, rebuilt the awesome power of the US military, we built the military
It was totally depleted when I took over
We built a military
Two and a half trillion dollars we spent, all made in the USA, the greatest equipment, the greatest planes and rockets and missiles and our nuclear
I hate to even mention the word and hope to God we never have to use it, but we have the most powerful weapons in the history of the world
And we did that over a very short period of time
Weapons that are so powerful that we're the envy of the world, but I never want to use those weapons
And hopefully we'll never have to
You know the way you don't have to use them, is when you have them
It's when you have them
But nobody's ever built force like what we have
And the newspapers and the press and the fake news they went and said, He just gave away classified information! I said, No, I will look you right in the eye, first of all, I'm allowed to do it, I'm the president, so I'm allowed to actually
I'm the only one that's allowed to
But no, no, I didn't give away
I'm just telling you, most powerful weapons ever produced we have, and other countries know that
And it's a good thing that they know it and I don't think we'll ever be using them
And I hope we don't
I hope to God
I use the word God, because they refuse to use the word God in their pledge of allegiance, right? Twice
I use the word God
I hope to God, we never have to use them
But I obliterated the ISIS caliphate, which was all over the place
100%
Remember I got it down to 99%
They said, You got to go a hundred
I said, Let's get out of here
We're bringing them all back home
Everyone's coming back home
Long, long wars
The never ending wars, the endless wars
We fixed our disastrous trade deals, they were a disaster, brought jobs and factories back to Pennsylvania under 16 years
And think of this, for 16 years presidents, Obama, President Bush, household income rose $2,945
That's over a 16 year period
In three years, your household income rose almost $10,000
When you include energy
You have to include energy
Without energy, almost $7,000
But we have to include energy
I mean, how much are you paying for your gasoline? You never saw $2 gasoline
Less, right? It's less
They go up, it's less
It's a big difference
What is it nowadays? Come on, tell me
I haven't got any gas
I haven't stopped recently at a gas station
15? Okay
Because for a while it was way under two
And we're going to keep it there
We have so much, we have so much
In my first three years we lifted 6
6 million people out of poverty, the largest poverty reduction in the history of our country, by far
We built the greatest economy in the history of the world
And right now we're doing it again
I see all these hats, Make America Great Again
And now I'm going to say this, Make America Great Again, Again
Make America Great Again, Again, Again
We saved 1
4 million jobs in Pennsylvania alone and to fight the China virus, it's the China virus, not the coronavirus
Corona sounds like a place in Italy, a beautiful place
It's corona
No, it's the China virus
They don't want to say it
The radical left, they don't want to say it
You ever notice they're always going to have to Russia
Look, nobody's been tougher on Russia than me
Russia, Russia, Russia
I said, What about China? They never going to to mention it
They got little deals going on I think
But coronavirus, doesn't it sound like Italy? A beautiful villa
Corona
No, it's a China virus
They should have stopped it
To fight the China virus we launched the largest national mobilization since World War II
We did an A+ job, except we did a D job in terms of public relations, explaining it because we were too busy doing it
But the fact is they wouldn't have written it anyway
It didn't matter to them
It's there
It's their little thing
You have a watch Biden? He can't talk about it he thinks, so he gets up, The coronavirus, they say, We want to talk about Supreme Court judge today
Well, I don't know about that
The coronavirus
And he doesn't know we did a great job, he has no clue
He said, I should have opened
He goes, I should have shut down one week earlier
What he doesn't say is he did the worst job in the history of an epidemic or a pandemic with the swine flu
It was a joke
And what he did, his own man, that was in charge said recently, We had no idea what the hell we were doing
It was a total disaster
There were amateurs
And now he tells us how to do something that's far more lethal
But he said,  They should have closed one week early, except when it came to closing the border, which I did, which turned out to save tens of thousands of lives, Biden criticized me until two months later when he said I was right
But we should have closed a weak earlier
Think of that
We pioneered lifesaving therapies, reducing the fatality rate 85% since April
Think of that
Remdesivir, the plasmas, we have among the lowest case fatality rates of any major country
Nobody knows that
And I am devastated to see it happening, but you see what's going on in Europe again
They were always saying, Oh, Europe is doing better
Actually we did better, but now Europe has a big spike, a big spike
So they're not talking about that
The number of hospitalized virus patients is down by 47% and virus patients coming to the emergency room is down and visits are way down, visits to hospital
Europe has almost a 50% greater excess mortality rate than the United States
They're liking to compare us to Europe
50% greater excess mortality rate
Our early and aggressive action saved millions of lives through Operation Warp Speed
You've heard about it, they don't want to talk about it
What we've done in a record period of time with the ventilators, now we're building ventilators for the world
Very hard to do
We'll develop and distribute a vaccine very, very shortly in record time, it would have been two or three years, four years, if Biden's group had done it, but we've done a great job with the FDA in clearing a path and you'll be seeing it very shortly
And these are great companies that are doing it
So we'll crush the virus and our opponents will, with him, they will crush America
We can't let it happen
This country is too great
Our love of each other is too great
This guy doesn't know he's alive
He really doesn't
He doesn't know he's alive
He did an ad on an anonymous source that said about me making a statement about military soldiers that died
And it was such a disgusting thing
I said, The only good thing about it is now I can take the gloves off
This guy doesn't have a clue
He doesn't know where the hell he is and they'll give him a shot of something
I don't know, he's going to get something
Because I watched him so badly, he performed so badly in the debates, and then with Bernie, he was average, not great, but he got through and I said, What the hell is he taking? And we'd like to ask him
And I said that, We want a drug test, we want a drug test
We'll both take it
We'll both take it
Because with Bernie he was able to get through
But listen, it wasn't Winston Churchill
This wasn't the greatest, but he got through, it was fine
Him and Bernie screaming at each other, mostly Bernie
Crazy Bernie
He's not too happy
I'll tell you, did you ever see a better loser than Bernie though? Seriously
He's a good loser
He got terribly treated by Hillary and that group
And then it happened again with Elizabeth Warren, right? It happened again
What the Democrat party did to him
And then you have this guy, Mike Bloomberg, mini Mike, one question and he was gone
There goes 1
8 billion out their window
I said, You think it's easy up here, Mike, don't ya? One question and that was the end
He said, Where am I? Get me the hell off of this platform
Mini Mike, mini Mike
So now he's trying to buy into the party
You would think after the way they treated him, they called him every name, Pocahontas destroyed him, she didn't do good against me, but boy did she do good against Mini Mike
I figured he'd be calling and saying, Listen, I want to become a Republican
We've done great for the economy, you'd think
But he always wanted to run for president, and he tried before, I guess, but he tried and it was a bad experience
And you would think he would have joined our party
But instead he's trying to buy his way back in
When somebody treats you that way, even stay neutral, don't go back in
He wants to give them a lot of money to try and buy their friendship
And one thing you learned about politics, I spent a fraction of the money that crooked Hillary spent
They raised $2 billion
I spent my own money, but I spent a fraction of the money I spent my own money, but I spent a fraction of the money, like 35%, 30%, and we won
Nobody ever says that
It's not about money
It's about other things
There are other things involved
It's not just about money
In the old days, my father would teach me, If you can win and spend less, that's a good thing
I remember after I won and I won decisively look, 306 to 223
That's a lot
306 delegates, 306, that's decisive
We won Michigan and we're going to win it again
We're up in a poll just now
Oh, they're going crazy
They're going crazy
We won Wisconsin
We won Pennsylvania
But my father taught me
He said, If you can win and spend less money, that's a good thing, not a bad thing
That's a good thing, not a bad thing
Like if you get along with the leaders of other lands and don't go to war all the time with everybody and can come out on top without having to shed blood all over the place and destroy your families and your country, like when I get along with Putin, when I get along with Kim Jong-un
Whatever happened to the war we were supposed to be in with North Korea? Nothing happened
They said I gave away so much
I said, What did I give away? They couldn't find that anything
I didn't do anything
They said, You met
Oh, I met
Oh, okay
I met
Now you would have been in war with her
You would have been in war
But if you can spend, think of this, if you can spend less money and win, that's a good thing
So after I won one of these people back there, right back there-  in order to keep the thing going on Trump, I had won, he said, But Trump raised substantially less money than crooked Hillary Clinton
That's because I didn't need the money
I didn't need the money
I can call up a lot of rich guys that raised a lot of money, but I feel uncomfortable doing it because when you do that, it's like you're sort of  It's not the same
I could call up every guy
They call me up and they say, Sir, how are you, sir? Mr
President, sir
I have friends see
I don't have too many friends up because I used to be comfortable
You have to be comfortable with people, right? I have friends, I have one friend, Richard
I talk about him all the time, but multiply this times a hundred people
Richard used to call me up five, six years ago
Hey, let's have dinner
All right
Where do you want to go? I don't know
Go to some crazy restaurant
Today the restaurants are all closed in New York
They don't want to open them
They want to make them do badly until November but don't worry, they're opening in November 4th
But it's true
So, it's Richard on the phone, Richard, my friend for many, many years
I said, Hey Richard, how are you doing? Mr
President sir, how are you? I said, Well   He's been calling Donnie and Don and DJ, and all
Richard, are you okay? Everything good? Yes, sir
Mr
President, sir
You're doing a great job and I'd like to thank you
Good, Richard
Richard, loosen up please
You don't have to call me Mr
Parson
I said, Just call me Donald
It's okay
Thank you Donald
I really appreciate it
And you hear the guy can't breathe
He's having a hard time breathing
He's very nervous
Then at the end of the phone, he goes, Mr
President again, thank you so much for the job you do, and he hangs up
I said, how can you be friends with  ? It just doesn't work
It's like, I've lost a lot of people this way
It's called respect for the office
They have respect for the office
They really do
Nothing wrong with it
I sort of understand that
They have respect for the office
Nobody has more respect for this offices than I do
That's why I'm doing a great job, and I'll always do a great job
It's respect for the office
But on November 3rd, Pennsylvania, will decide whether we end the pandemic, defeat the virus and return to record prosperity just like we were before, or whether we allow sleepy Joe Biden, who doesn't have a clue, to kill the recovery, raise your taxes, delay the vaccine
So he wants to impose a $4 trillion tax
Do you believe? 4 trillion
Ban American energy, which means what? Hey, let's go back
Let's call up the Middle East and let's be real nice to them because we need their energy
No, thank you
Destroy your suburbs
You know, I got rid of this regulation that was going to destroy your suburbs
Destroy your suburbs
I call it the Obama Regulates
They're building nice projects right next to your beautiful home
Lots of luck
Give free healthcare
I hope the people in the suburbs  When I did this, I took a lot of heat
I got rid of a regulation
They all said, Sir, we'll amend the regulation
We're going to amend it
I said, I don't want to amend it
A couple of stories where written
I wish the women living in the suburbs would read these stories
They were written by people that say, I can't believe a president had the guts to do it
I did because I want to save the American dream
By the way, a big part of the American dream are minorities who made it and they want to live in the suburbs and they don't want to be next to a project
Remember? Sleepy Joe
He'll do it because he has no choice because they have total power
He's like a puppet for them and indoctrinate your children with poisonous anti-American lies
To combat the toxic left wing propaganda in our schools, I announced last week that we are launching a new pro-American lesson plan for students called 1776 Commission
We will teach our children the truth about America, that we are the most exceptional nation on the face of the earth and getting better every single day
We're not going to let it fail
The Democrat party has joined forces with flag burners, anarchists, anti-police people, they're extremist
Agitators
And then they say, Oh no, no, this was a peaceful protest
This is a peaceful protest
They know what I'm talking about
They know our great uniform
Brilliant
We love them, but you know what? We call it a peaceful protest now, because the only thing you're allowed to do in Pennsylvania, can't go to church, right? You can't meet, you can't congregate
You can't look at each other
You can't give your wife a kiss goodnight
You've got to wear a mask
You can't do anything
They got you closed up
Don't go out to dinner, stay where you are
Michigan, same thing like the governor
Her husband went boating
It was a disaster because nobody's allowed
He was the only boat
He had this massive, beautiful lake
You know the lake I'm talking about
It's a big lake
They've got to be able to do their job
You've got to let them do their job
Got to be able to do your job, right? They let you do your job, you'd see
You'd see Pennsylvania, not some big, bad crime numbers in your state
You let them do your job
Any state, New York's finest
By the way, I got endorsed by New York's finest
First time they've ever endorsed
And you know that's hard when you have radical left running the city, all politicians, the mayor
I got endorsed by the Chicago Police
Can you imagine that? I got endorsed by Oklahoma and I got endorsed by Texas and Louisiana
I got endorsed by Florida, the sheriffs
All the sheriffs got together, they endorsed Trump
I got endorsed by law enforcement, everybody
But how could you possibly endorse people that hate you and don't respect the job you do, and don't let you do your job most importantly? Because if they let you do what you do better than anybody else in the world, you wouldn't have problems
These are other police departments
You look at Seattle
We said we're going in, and they immediately said, We'll put up our hands
It was so easy
We were going in the following day
You look at Portland
How about Portland? It's like an anarchist's dream
We're dealing with the governor, because you know, I hate to say it, but they're all Democrat-run cities and states
All of them, every single one
The Republicans are doing great, but they have to ask
By law, they have to ask us to go in
But do you remember that beautiful day? It was 10 days late
You had these people from CNN and other places
These are friendly protests
That's a lovely thing to say
As he's getting rocks and cans of tuna fish
They go out to buy tuna fish and soup
You know that, right? Goya
I hope Goya, he's great, isn't he? Good guy
They go out and buy Goya because they throw it
They throw it
It's the perfect weight, tuna fish they can really rip it, and that hits you
No, it's true
Bumblebee brand tuna, and you can throw it at soccer, you can a curve on it
You can do whatever else you want
The cops in Chicago, you saw, they're going like this
It was terrible
They're not allowed to fight back
They're not allowed to fight back
These guys if they fight back, nobody's going to be there very long throwing things
But they're professionals, they're anarchists
They're paid for by outside stupid rich people that  They're stupid people
By the way, you know the first ones that get wiped out? They don't have a shot by the way, I'll tell you that, but if they ever did, the first ones that would get wiped out are the stupid people that gave them the money to do this stuff
Those are the people that would get wiped out
But you know, they're very smart
Everything is perfect
Do you ever see where they drop the bricks along the thing in a bag? Then they drop, everyone picks them up, throws them at our great police
We're not going to let that stuff happen, but this is all a Democrat
It doesn't happen with Republicans
I was with Greg Abbott
I was with Ron DeSantis, Texas and Florida and other governors that can't even believe a thing like that could happen, but they get caught
They're walking up
There're like 30 cans of soup
They have like 25 cans of tuna
They get caught
I'm bringing this home to my family
How dare you stop me? No, no, no
They use it as ammunition
It's terrible shame
But he went down and he didn't like it
He was hit
Police brutality
You remember that? They walked in, and they've got the tear gas
They've got everything you can possibly have
Pepper spray
They don't want you to use tear gas anymore
In some places like I think in Milwaukee, they said no tear gas, no pepper spray
How the hell do you keep big crowds back? You can't
So the police all quit
They all quit
They said, We can't do it
But you remember, they went out and you had one, then you had two, three, four, then you had five, six, seven
All of a sudden they started pouring in
They were getting off the buses
They came from a different locale, and then you had a line of them and there was no social distancing unfortunately
In fact, I was going to turn them in because they were right next to each other
They were right next to each other
They were touching arms and they had big, strong arms like these guys right over here
There were big strong guys
That's all right
They were like together
Then you saw the first line
Then you saw the second line, then you saw a third line, and then you saw a fourth line
Then they said, March
They never halted
Just walked right through, cleaned everything up, and Minneapolis was cured
They were cured
They grabbed them
They grabbed them
They grabbed them
They were grabbing them left and right
Sometimes they grabbed, they grabbed one guy, I'm a reporter
I'm a reporter
Get out of here
They throw him aside like he was a little bag of popcorn
But no, but I mean, honestly, when you watch the crap that we've all had to take so long, when you see that, it's actually  You don't want to do that, but when you see it, it's actually a beautiful sight
It's a beautiful sight
Behind him was like 10 blocks of fire was  I'd never
It's a classic
I don't know
Anybody, you know what I'm talking about? Is it  So, I just have such respect, but you have to let these great professionals do what they do best
You have to let them do what they  It's called law and order
We need law and order
So, Democrat phenomena
If they win, Sleepy Joe, if they win, because he has no power over these people, these people are crazed lunatics
If they win, your cities will be like this
You'll lose all rights
Your constitution will be worthless
It'll be a terrible, terrible thing
I'm not even sure that, after some time listening to that and going along with it, I'm not even sure the country can ever recover
That's how bad it would be
I'm not sure it could ever recover
Over Labor Day
Left-wing radicals rampaged through Pittsburgh, harassing diners at restaurants
I saw that one
That was horrible
No, I saw that, right? I saw that
That one guy grabs a woman, a older woman, she's eating a steak
He grabbed the steak and started eating it, then he threw it back on the plate
An outdoor place, and her husband standing there like they're afraid for their lives
It was a terrible thing, and should never be allowed to happen
A thing like that should just be closed up before it ever gets started
That was terrible
Remember that? An older woman
Last week after a police officer shot a knife-wielding assailant, over 100 rioters rampaged in Lancaster
Went to school right nearby
Looting businesses, setting fires and assaulting police offices with rocks and bricks and glass
You saw that
Joe Biden has the support of violent left wing extremists
He never once mentioned the words law and order during their entire Democrat National Convention
Never once
They didn't talk about the riots, they didn't talk about anything having to do with law and order and respect and our great police
They didn't do it
They didn't talk about it
It's not a subject
They will rip your cities apart and they will go to your suburbs for all of those people in the suburbs that are ready to go about, they will go to your suburbs next
I have the support of America's law enforcement heroes
I was recently honored to be endorsed by the largest group of police and police representatives in the country
We're endorsed by everybody
We're joined by Butler County Mike Slupe
Thank you, Mike, as well as two sheriffs who just changed their registrations, oh that's nice, to become Republicans
They were long time Democrats
Who are those two showers? Wow
Thank you
It's Fayette County Sheriff James Custer and Forest County Sheriff, Bob Wolfgang
Where's Bob? Stand up, fellows
Thank you
Were you long time Democrats? How the hell did that happen? Well, this is somewhat of a phenomena
This is somewhat  This is crazy what's going on now
It can be stopped so easily, and you guys know exactly what I'm talking about
Thank you very much
It's an honor to have you in the party
Thank you
That's great
There's a whole great group of sheriffs and law enforcement here
Also, with us, our Congressman Guy Russian Reschenthaler
Guy
Where's Guy? Great warrior
Where are they sitting? And a friend of mine and a warrior
He's a warrior
He's tough as hell
They said, We want to impeach the president for making a perfect phone call
Oh, did you hear today? They want to impeach me again
They said, if I submit the name of one of the most talented people in the world to be a justice of the Supreme Court, they want to impeach me
They want to impeach me if I'm following the constitution
No, think of it
This is crazy Nancy
These people are stonecold crazy
Think of it
I got impeached for making a perfect phone call
Perfect phone call
Everybody read it
Nobody to this day  and the Republicans stuck together
It was great
Also, a friend of mine and he wanted to just rip them apart, I remember when he heard about it
He's a rough guy and he's a popular guy too
They love him
Congressman Mike Kelly
Thank you, Mike
Come on up here
Come on up here
Just come up
Come on up
Mike, come up
Come on
Guy, come up
Congressmen Glenn Thompson, Congressman Dan Muser, come on
And Congressman Scott Perry
Thank you, Mike
Hey Mike, good shape
Come on, get up there
Oh what a group
What a group
Thank you
He's the real deal
Conor lamb is just a puppet for Nancy Pelosi and crying Chuck Schumer
You know crying Chuck? He cries every time he thinks it's appropriate
Now, I'll tell you what
This Conor lamb turned out to be a stonecold phony
When he was running  It's a very Trump  they like me
I thought he was a Republican because his ads were so good
We have to respect our president
We have   I said, This guy's doing some beautiful ads, and then I found out he was a Democrat
I'll tell you what
He's nothing compared to Sean
Sean is the real deal
Thank you so much
Just give a little hand, because he's done a hell of a job too
Our campaign chair, Bernie Comfort
Thank you, Bernie
Bernie Comfort
Thank you
Thank you to Bernie Comfort
Thanks, Bern
All right
While you guys are standing behind me like a beautiful curtain there  Well they're not blocking Air Force One so we could  But I have a woman with us tonight who has devoted so much
She gave up her business
She said, Dad, I'm going to come to Washington and help you
I love you daddy, and we're going to help people
I don't care and   She was very successful in every way, and it's my daughter Ivanka
I just want to thank this group of people
And a man that helped, we just negotiated a major peace deal in the Middle East
Everyone said it was impossible
You know that, right? They said it's impossible
They've been killing everybody for years and years, they had this guy, John Kerry, who's grossly incompetent
They paid $150 billion to Iran, they paid 1
8 billion in cash
That's even more impressive, frankly, in cash, that's John Kerry
And we just made a deal with Bahrain and UAE, United Arab Emirates, and Israel, and it's a great thing
And the man right there, Jared, the abuse, the abuse he takes, but he did something that nobody's been able to do, and he wants none of the glory, he'd rather not come up here
These guys will come up 100%
Jared, great deal, great job
Incredible
Everyone's talking about it
We have plenty of other countries going to join and there's no blood in the sand
Okay
Thanks honey
Thank you
Great people
Thank you, Sean
Thank you, Sean
We have spent the last four years reversing the damage that Joe Biden inflicted over the last 40
They like Sean
Sean, will you please win? Sean Parnell
I'll tell you, he's popular
That's great, Sean
We love Sean
But Biden championed every globalist portrayal of Pennsylvania for half a century, he was a cheerleader for the worst trade deal ever made by any country, NAFTA and China's entry into the world trade organization, which built China like a rocket ship
They were flat lined for many, many decades and then right through the roof, that was a Biden approval
These disasters ripped out one third of your state's manufacturing jobs
You know what happened
Biden shouldn't be asking for your vote, he should be begging for your forgiveness
He did a terrible job
Now the Democrat party is pledging to rejoin the disastrous Paris Climate Accord
You want to spend a lot of money for nothing? Eviscerating your state's economy, you will spend a trillion dollars and what it is really, it takes away your power, it takes away your energy
You'll be closing your plants and factories all over the place
I withdrew from it
And you know what, the people that understand, the smart people, they said, I can't believe you had the guts to do it
And I figured I was going to be absolutely killed on this one
And you know what, I'm so proud I did it and people get it
It was a rip off of the United States
I withdrew from the catastrophe because I was elected to fight for Pittsburgh, not for Paris
This election is a choice between Pennsylvania and China, if Biden wins, China wins
When we win, Pennsylvania wins and America wins
For decades, our politicians spent trillions of dollars rebuilding foreign nations, fighting foreign wars that never ended and defending foreign borders
But now we're finally protecting our nation, rebuilding our cities and we are bringing our jobs, our factories, and our troops, back home in the USA where they belong
All coming home
During the pandemic, I've suspended the entry of foreign workers who threatened American jobs
As our economy reopens, I want to ensure that Americans are first in line to get the great jobs and the high wages
America first
Biden wants to flood the economy with cheap labor to replace US workers
You know that
And that's why never, never, I see his say, hire American
He got it for me, all the words he's got there, are my words, right? Do you ever see it? They say he copied my campaign
I keep saying, what the hell happened for 47 years and now he's copying my campaign
As president  and you know it's not going to happen with him, as president, I know my first duty is always to take care of you, the American worker
That's what we're taking care of
Under my administration, we've achieved the most secure border in US history and we are finishing that wall, it's going to be done so fast
It's got to be done so fast
Since 2017 ICE has successfully arrested nearly a half a million illegal aliens with criminal records, including over 145,000 assaults, 40,000 sex offenses and 5,000 murderers
If you don't mind, Democrats will bring them the hell out of our country, we'll get them out of here
Some of them are so violent, we have to keep them
We don't want to house them for 50 years, but if we let them go, they come back in, as much as we watch
If they come back in, we don't want it, we don't want them
So we keep them here, we have no choice
If the left gains power, they will abolish  Republicans will always  they're going to abolish
Republicans will always stand with these incredible heroes of ICE and border patrol
You have to see these ICE people
They go into a den of MS13, and they call them a den, a nest, where you have these guys that are vicious, vicious gang members
And they go in there, they just start swinging
It's the craziest thing, they love it
Now, who wants that job? Do you want that job? Look, he's a tough guy sitting here, you too, you're tough guys, you don't want any part of it
They're just incredible and they love our country
They love our country
And then people say,  Oh, they're too rough
They're too rough
You have no idea how bad some of these gangs are and what they do
They use knives because it's more painful
They cut people up
They cut two young, beautiful girls, 16 years old
They were going home from school and they cut them to pieces, killed them, they're animals
We invested $2
5 trillion in the US military and launched the first new branch of the US armed forces in 75 years, space force
Not since the air force
Think of it, the air force was last
If I did just that, space force big deal, by the way, it's going to end up being one of the most important things you've ever imagined
But if I just did that, a sixth branch of the US military, that would be a big deal
That's like one of many, many things
We passed VA choice and VA accountability
We killed the founder and leader of ISIS, al-Baghdadi, they were after him for a year
We took out the world's number one terrorist and the mass murderer of American troops and many others
Qasem Soleimani is gone
I withdrew from the last administration's disastrous Iran nuclear deal, one of the great disasters
And by the way, it's practically expired
The crazy deal that Obama made practically expired
And his chief negotiator, he never left
 I want this
Nope
We're not giving to you
Okay, let's go on to the next one
Give me this
Nope
Give me this
Nope
Give me this
Nope
He never won a point, he lost everything
It's the worst deal I've ever seen
And the only time he left the table is to go on a bicycle ride and he crashed and broke his leg and his arm
And I promised everybody I would never go riding in a bicycle race
I swear to you
I kept my promise, recognized the true capital of Israel and opened the American Embassy in Jerusalem
I also recognized Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights
That was a 52 year development that I got done in about a day
They'd been negotiating that sovereignty over the Golan Heights, I got it done immediately
52 years, they worked on that
But instead of endless war, we are forging peace in the Middle East
It's so great
Peace in the Middle East
So Biden's put forward a platform that would end America as we know it
And this is true
I don't think of him as a radical lefty, but basically he's controlled by them
And what about this Kamala? How about her? She at 15%, no, she's at 13%
Then people started  no she's at 12
No, she's at 10
She's at nine, she's at seven
These are a poll numbers
She got worse than worse
She quit before she ever got to Iowa
We have a great vice president, Mike Pence
He's great and he says hello
If elected, Biden would destroy social security and destroy protections for preexisting conditions, people with preexisting conditions, drain your Medicare by giving away your healthcare to illegal immigrants
They're all going to come in
If you have that, the problem is we're going to give you healthcare, they're going to all pour into the United States and our country can't afford it
We want to be nice, we all have hearts, country can't afford it
They would get people that never even thought of coming if they see that
Can't do it
They would end our travel bans on jihadist regions
We have very strong  remember I got travel bans
Everyone thought it was such a terrible thing, such a terrible person
He's such a terrible person
I'm such a bad guy, I got travel bans
And increase refugee admissions by more than 700%, opening the flood gates to radical Islamic terrorism
Ban school choice and all charter schools, they're very important
In the second term, I will provide school choice to every parent in America
A vote for Republicans is a vote for safe communities, great jobs, and a limitless future for all Americans
All Americans, race, color, creed, all Americans
So in conclusion, over the next four years, we will make America into the manufacturing superpower of the world and we will end our reliance on China, once and for all
We will make our medical supplies right here in the United States, right here in Pennsylvania
We will hire more police, increase penalties for assaults or law enforcement and we will ban deadly sanctuary cities
We'd ban them
We will defend the dignity of work and the sanctity of life
Thank you
We will uphold religious liberty, free speech and the right to keep and bear arms
We will strike down terrorists who threaten our citizens and we will keep America out of endless, ridiculous, stupid foreign wars
We losing our youth to countries that you'd never even heard of, right? Never even heard of them
We will maintain America's unrivaled military might, and we will ensure peace through strength
We will surprise, think of the surprise medical billing, we're going to end it, surprise
You ever walk into a hospital, oh, gee, fix you up
Oh, great
Then you get a bill for $2,000 for a band-aid
We will end surprise medical billing, require price transparency, which I've already signed and brilliantly starts on January 1st
Hey, you better vote for me
You know, I think that's, in a way, bigger than healthcare
Can you imagine Biden if he won? Price transparency is so big, it's all done, it starts on January 1st
How smart is that? How smart
And you're going to see numbers and reductions like you've never seen
Could you imagine if he were president, Sir, our medical costs have dropped in half price
Transparency has been unbelievable
What is that? What is price transparency? And they'll explain it to him
He still won't have a clue
But can you imagine giving him credit? I signed it, it's all done
It starts on January 1st
I say, Why can't you start it now, just in case? And know what they said, Sir, statutorily, it has to start then
I said, All right, let's go
But I know we're going to win, so it's not going to matter
And we're going to further reduce health insurance premiums and the cost of prescription drugs
We have a favored nations laws, well now we get the same price as all these nations that are paying a tiny fraction, which should have been instituted a long time ago
And the drug companies are going after me with those ads
Oh, it's terrible, terrible
You know why? Just every time you see an add from the drug company, they got plenty of money, that's why nobody ever fights them
Anytime you see an ad from a drug company, just remember one thing, your drug prices are coming down
That's what it means
That's what it means
We will strongly protect Medicare and social security and we will always protect patients
We will protect every single patient
America will land, by the way, the first woman on the moon and the United States will be the first nation to land an astronaut on Mars
You know, NASA was an absolute disaster, grass was growing through the fairways too
They had fairways, that's about all they use, were the fairways
And now we have something, right through the runways, the landing strips, it was all grass infested, it was all weed infested, and now it's the number one space center in the world, by far
It was a closed up mess
And we have rich guys sending up rockets, Elon and others
They send up rockets and we say, let them keep going
Let them keep spending money on these rockets
They love rockets
We will stop the radical indoctrination of our students and restore patriotic education to our schools
We will teach our children to love our country, honor our history and always respect our great American flag
And we will live by the timeless words in our national motto, in God, we trust
For years you had a president who apologized for America
Now you have a president who is standing up for America and standing up for the people of Pennsylvania, like nobody has ever stood up before
So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors and your coworkers, and get out and vote And early voting, if you didn't know it, has already begun and watch it and watch those fake ballots, you got to go out and turn them in
If you see somebody cheating, you got to turn them in, from Erie  and you probably will, it's going to be a mess, watch this
But get out and vote early
From Erie to Eastern, from Altoona to Scranton, from Harrisburg to right here in Pittsburgh
Say hello to big Ben
We stand on the shoulders of Pennsylvania patriots who gave their blood, sweat, and tears for their beloved country
This is the state where our founding fathers declared American independence, right? This is the state
Such history, such history
It's where the army, weathered it's brutal winter at Valley Forge, I know it well
Where George Washington led his men on a daring mission across the Delaware and where our union was saved by the heroes of Gettysburg
Gettysburg, one of the great, great, incredible sights of history, Gettysburg
So vicious, so horrible and yet so beautiful and so historic, right? Incredible
Gettysburg, Pennsylvania
This is the place where generations of tough, strong Pennsylvania workers, mine the coal, work the railroads, forge the steel that made America into the greatest and most powerful nation in the history of the world
And we are making it greater, greater, greater than ever before
Not even close, not even close, it's what we're doing, we're doing it together
Proud citizens like you, helped build this country and together we are taking back our country
We are returning power to you, the American people, with your help, your devotion and your drive, we are going to keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning
We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God
And together with the incredible people of Pennsylvania, we will make America wealthy again
We will make America strong again
We will make America proud again
We will make America safe again
And we will make America great again
Thank you
Thank you, Pennsylvania
Thank you

Hello, Houston
I am so thrilled to be here in the great state of Texas with one of America's greatest, most devoted and most loyal friends, Prime Minister Modi of India
Thank you
Thank you
And Prime Minister Modi is doing a truly exceptional job for India and for all of the Indian people
It is my immense privilege to be here with him today at this profoundly historic event
We're especially grateful to be joined by over 50,000 incredible members of our nation's thriving, prospering, flourishing, and hardworking Indian American community
Thank you
Just a few months ago in the largest democratic election in the history of our world, 600 million Indians went to the polls and voted overwhelmingly for Prime Minister Modi and his party
Congratulations, Mr
Prime Minister
That's a lot of people
Earlier this week, I understand you marked another important milestone
I know everyone here joins me in wishing you a very happy birthday
Happy birthday
I want to take a moment to address every resident of Houston effected by the recent horrible flooding
The entire American nation is standing by your side
We're ready
We love you
We support you
We will be there with you every single step of the way
I just left the Coast Guard hanger at Ellington Field Joint Reserve Base where I was briefed on the Texas flooding
We're working with your great governor Greg Abbott, Lieutenant Governor Dan Patrick, Attorney General Ken Paxton and senators John Cornyn and Ted Cruz
Thank you very much
We're working hard together
My administration will not rest until you have fully recovered, restored, and rebuilt and I know you will come back with the same tremendous spirit that we have shown every single time, every time there's been a problem
It's called Houston strong
Prime Minister Modi and I have come to Houston to celebrate everything that unites America and India, our shared dreams and bright futures
I've also come to express my profound gratitude to the nearly 4 million amazing Indian Americans all across our country
You enrich our culture, you uphold our values, you uplift our communities and you are truly proud to be American and we are proud to have you as Americans
We thank you, we love you and I want you to know my administration is fighting for you each and every day
I want to recognize US Ambassador to India Kenneth Juster and Minister Jaishankar of India
Thank you very much
Thank you both
Thank you very much
Thank you
We're also proudly joined by NASA Deputy Administrator Jim Morhard, Deputy Secretary Of Energy Dan Brouillette, Governor Matt Bevin of Kentucky, your state attorney general, Ken Paxton, a couple of very great senators
Kevin, thank you
Thank you all for being here
Thank you, Kevin
Thank you
We have a lot of senators
We have a lot of Congress people
There's Mr
Brady, Congressman Brady
He gave us a very, very nice tax cut folks
Thank you, Kevin, very much
Thank you all for being here
Among the leaders here today for this remarkable celebration are many members of the House and Senate
They're all over the audience, including House majority leader, Steny Hoyer, and again, senators Cornyn, Cruz
In my campaign for president, I promised all of that
If we were elected, India would have a true and great friend in the White House and I can tell you, you have never had a better friend as president that President Donald Trump
That I can tell you
The prime minister knows that
On this day, I'm happy to report that the relationship between the United States and India is stronger than ever before
The ties between our two nations are grounded in our common values and our shared commitment to democracy
We are free nations with great faith and a fierce devotion to our national independence
We are governed by the rule of law, guided by commitment to justice, and strengthened by our love of liberty
Our two national constitutions both begin with the same three beautiful words, We the People
That means that in America AMD India alike, we honor, respect, trust, empower and fight for the citizens we proudly serve
Under Prime Minister Modi's leadership, the world is witnessing a strong sovereign and thriving Republic of India
In a single decade, with the help of Prime Minister Modi's pro-growth reforms, India has lifted nearly 300 million people out of poverty and that is an incredible number
Incredible
That's incredible
In the next decade, 140 million Indian households will rise to the middle class
In both India and the United States, we're seeing something really remarkable
Our people are prospering like never before because we are slashing bureaucracy and cutting job killing red tape
In the United States, thanks to our massive tax cuts and all of our great senators and congressmen and women that are here today and pro worker policies, our economy is breaking one record after another
Since my election, we have created over 6 million new jobs
We have created over 750,000 jobs right here in Texas and very importantly, that includes 70,000 new Texas manufacturing jobs
They said that couldn't be done
Unemployment  Think of this
Unemployment in Texas is currently at the lowest rate ever recorded in the history of our country, and unemployment in the United States has just reached the lowest level in over 51 years and very soon we think that will be broken to be a historic number
Unemployment among African Americans, Asian Americans, and Hispanic Americans have all reached their lowest levels in the history of our country
Over the last two years, the unemployment rate among Indian Americans dropped by nearly 33 and one third percent
Wages are rising, incomes are soaring, and inequality is falling at the fastest rate in many, many years
In the past 12 months alone, the average worker has taken home $1,000 extra in rising wages and over $3,000 with tax cuts and all of the other things that we've done
And for the first time in history, most new hires of prime working age are minorities and women
First time that's ever happened
Through our pledge to America's workers, we have secured commitments for nearly 14 million employment and training opportunities for American workers done through our great American companies
We passed the biggest tax cuts and the biggest tax reforms in the history of our country
We slashed a record number of job killing regulations, giving the average American household more than $3,000 every year and never in the history of our country, no matter how long the presidency, have regulations been cut to this extent
Everyday, the Indian American community is helping to strengthen our country and build our future
Indian Americans are pioneering groundbreaking medicines to save countless lives
They're developing revolutionary technology that is changing the world and they're founding new businesses that provide jobs to thousands of our fellow citizens
Prime Minister Modi, I look forward to working with you to make our nations even more prosperous than ever before
And that's what's happening
The economic miracles taking place today are just beginning
Here in the United States, there has never been a better time to hire, invest, grow, and pursue your dreams
Indian companies employ tens of thousands of Americans across a range of industries, including American steel
In 2018 India's JSW Steel announced that it would invest up to $500 million to revitalize a shuttered steel plant in the great state of Ohio
And we welcome India's growing investments right here in the Lone Star State
Nations around the world are investing in the United States because they know we have the best economy and the best workers in the world
They have never invested in our country like they are today
And we want to thank everybody and India has never invested in the United States like it is doing today
And I want to say it's reciprocal because we're doing the same thing in India
On Tuesday, two Japanese companies, Toyota and Aisin, announced a combined investment of almost $800 million, which will create over 900 new jobs right here in Texas
At the same time, we are working to expand American exports to India, one of the world's fastest growing markets
We are committed to ensuring the Indian people have access to the finest goods in the world, product stamped with a beautiful phrase, Made in the USA
And very soon, India will have access to another world class American product, NBA basketball
Wow, sounds good
That sounds good
Next week thousands of people will gather in Mumbai to watch the first ever NBA basketball game in India
Am I invited, Mr
Prime Minister? I may come
Be careful
I may come
When it comes to expanding our commercial relationship, no issue is more important than energy security
For the first time ever, the United States is the number one producer of both oil and natural gas on planet earth and number one by far, with much of it coming right here from the great state of Texas
That means more jobs, higher wages, and lower prices at the pump
Yesterday, we were thrilled to hear about the Indian company Petronas pledge to purchase up to 5 million tons of LNG per year from the United States, which could lead to billions of dollars of LNG exports to India in the coming years
And we have plenty of it
Over the last year, crude exports to India have grown by 400% and liquefied natural gas exports continue to soar at record numbers
Thank you
These tremendous exports not only expand employment in America, but they increase freedom and security for India
To keep our nation safe, the United States and India forging an even stronger security partnership
US defense sales to India have also reached $18 billion over the past decade
We make the greatest defense mechanisms and equipment anywhere in the world and India knows that well
We're looking forward to concluding several new defense deals very soon
There are a lot of them in the works
Here in America, we're creating the United States Space Force and we're working closely with India to enhance space cooperation
In November, the United States and India will demonstrate a dramatic progress of our defense relationship, holding the first ever tri-service military exercise between our nations
It's called Tiger Triumph
Good name, it's a good name
Very good name
Today, we honor all of the brave American and Indian military service members who work together to safeguard our freedom
We stand proudly in defense of liberty and we are committed to protecting innocent civilians from the threat of radical Islamic terrorism
Thank you
Both India and the United States also understand that to keep our communities safe, we must protect our borders
Since taking office, my administration has launched a far-reaching effort to improve screening and vetting of applications for entry
We are working hard to ensure that those who would threaten our security are denied admission into our country and we are enhancing our vetting efforts like-  country, and we are enhancing our vetting efforts like never before, not even close
We're doing it on a daily basis, and we'll soon be setting records in every one of the aspects of border security
Border security is vital to the United States
Border security is vital to India
We understand that
We are further taking unprecedented action to finally secure our southern border and stop illegal immigration
I want to thank the president of Mexico, who right now has 27,000 soldiers on our southern border
It's been incredible what's taken place in a short period of time
Illegal immigration is deeply unfair to millions of wonderful legal immigrants who work hard, pay their taxes, follow our rules, and obey our laws
Yet there are those in Washington who would raid your healthcare to  Free benefits
They want to fund free benefits to those who enter our country illegally
We don't want to do that
We don't want to do that
Because if we don't do it, they won't come
I will never allow politicians to take away your healthcare or give it to illegal immigrants
My administration believes our first duty is to the highest loyalty of all
We must always be for the American people, whether it's African-American, Hispanic-American, Indian-American
We are going to take care of our citizens first
We are going to take care of our Indian-American citizens before we take care of illegal immigrants that want to pour into our country
We want to build a nation where every family, immigrant and US-born, can live in a safe community with access to great school, work in a job you love, and have the best chance to reach the American dream
We love the American dream
Just in concluding, I want to say that America has always been a nation of pioneers and patriots, risk-takers and free thinkers, and dedicated workers who have honed a trade, mastered their field, and teach their children to always give their very, very best
Every day Indian-Americans help write the story of American greatness, and everyone here today has a crucial part to play in building an even grander and greater American and Indian future
To help achieve that exciting vision, we are strengthening our cherished bonds with the nation of India, and we are proving the awesome power of democracy and unlimited potential of free people
Together, we will continue to deepen the ties between our nations
We will honor the faith of dignity of our citizens, and we will achieve incredible advancements for our people, for our children, and for the world
We will discover new cures and save millions of lives
We will advance cutting-edge technologies and lift millions and millions of people out of poverty
We will pioneer new frontiers in space, working together, raising the sights of humanity
We will uphold our values, defend our liberty, and control our destiny
The United States and India will make our nations stronger, our people wealthier, our dreamers bigger, and our future brighter than ever before, and it won't even be close
I want to thank everybody for being here
I want to especially thank a great man and a great leader, the leader of India, Prime Minister Modi, my friend
Thank you
God bless you all
God bless India, and God bless America
Thank you
Thank you
Now I would like to invite onto this stage in front of this incredible group of unbelievable people Prime Minister Modi, who's going to give us some of his wisdom
His wisdom is indeed great
Thank you all very much
It's been a great honor to be with you
Thank you
Thank you

Well, thank you very much
Vice President Mike Pence, great job you're doing
And hello Toledo! We love Toledo
You remember, I was here a lot
You remember 2016, what a year that was, right? And 2020 is going to be even better, no doubt
But I'm thrilled to hold the first rally of 2020 right here in the great state of Ohio
And as we begin the new year, our economy is booming, wages are soaring, workers are thriving, and America's future has never, ever looked brighter, ever
We're the envy of every country in the world
We've created seven million brand new jobs since our election
And we will soon be replacing the disaster known as NAFTA with the incredible brand new USMCA, the historic victory for Ohio farmers, workers, and manufacturers, but really a great victory for the United States
It's an incredible agreement
You remember I came and I'd always talk about how bad our trade deals are
We did a brand new one with Korea
So now we have South Korea, we just finished a big one, $40 billion with Japan
On January 15, we're signing a monster, a big beautiful monster, $40 to $50 billion to our farmers
Our farmers will be taking in, I keep saying go buy larger tractors
Go buy larger tractors
I said there's no way, I don't know if you know this story, my people wanted 20 billion to purchase, right? 20 billion, 20, that's a lot money, that's a lot of corn, $20 billion, and I said, Make it 50
China's very big
And they said, Okay
They said, Sir, the farmers can't produce that much
I said, Let the farmers tell me that
Tell them to go out and, remember, and buy a bigger what? Tractor, buy a bigger tractor
You'll produce it
So $40 to $50 billion of agriculture product and the manufacturers and the car companies, and we brought a lot of car companies into Ohio, you know that
A lot of them are coming in
A lot of them have already been brought in
They're coming in from Japan, they're coming in from all over the world
This is where they want to be
They want to be in the United States
This is where the action is
They're all coming back
I used to go around and talk about how everyone's leaving
They were all leaving
A lot of you were victims of that leaving
These companies would leave, they'd go to Mexico, they'd go to Canada, they'd close up, they'd buy from China
Now they're all coming back, new ones, old ones, they're all coming back, and many are coming right here to Ohio
And just in case you didn't know it, Ohio just had the best year economically in the history of your state
That's not bad, that's not bad
And this year's going to be even better and maybe much better
But weeks ago, I signed the largest ever investment in the United States military, $ 738 billion, and we created the sixth branch of the United States Armed Forces, the Space Force, and everybody's excited about that
After years and years of devastating defense cuts, we have fully rebuilt the United States military
Some of it's still coming in
We have everything
We've got new planes, we've got new rockets, new missiles, we've got new everything, and it's either here or coming in, $2
5 trillion in new investments
So our military is now stronger and more powerful than ever before
And if you remember, three years ago when I took over, we were depleted
Our military was totally depleted
And by the way, speaking of our military, have we taken care of our vets with Choice, with Choice
That was a big thing
You know, I used to go around and the VA was a terrible situation
People would wait weeks
He's right, he said, Yes, it was
You don't hear too much about that anymore, have you noticed? Choice and accountability, you know what accountability is? For 44 years, they tried to get accountability
That's somebody bad, works for the VA, you couldn't fire them
You couldn't fire them
They could be sadistic, they could be thieves, they could be whatever they were, you couldn't get rid of them
We got accountability approved, and now we say, You're fired, get out
We get somebody that's good
44 years, and maybe most importantly of all is Choice, VA, Veterans Choice
So you now wait in line, and a lot of times you'd wait in line for four or five, six weeks you couldn't see a doctor
Now you don't have to wait
You go out to a private doctor, you get yourself taken care of, we pay the bill
What a difference it's made
What a difference it's made
You know, when I was a little bit newer to this game That's okay, they got it, they got it
They go home to mommy
Go on home to mommy
Go on home to mommy
It's a beautiful sight
Thank you, security
Do we love law enforcement, by the way? So with the VA, I used to go around saying, Why don't they do that? Why don't these people, why don't they go to a private doctor and work something out? And I thought it was a brilliant plan
I said, I'm telling you I am such a smart guy
I said, This is the most brilliant thing ever
And I went back to my people and I said, I have an idea
A veteran's sick, they can't get the kind of service they need, they need a certain kind of doctor, I have an idea, such a great idea
You get to go out, private, you're going to pick out a doctor, you're going to get yourself fixed up
We're going to pay the bill, right? And you know what happened? And I said, How brilliant is that? They said, Sir, we've been working on that for 48 years, but we've never been able to get it approved
So I was very, very disillusioned, but you know what I'm good at? Getting things approved
And we got it approved
So we signed that 11 months ago, and what a difference that's made in terms of your lines and in terms of people's health
People would wait online for weeks, and some people weren't very sick and they'd end up being terminally ill
They couldn't get to see the doctor
Now they go out, they get a doctor, we take care of them
We can take care of our vets
So we're using this great power not to pursue conflict, but to really preserve, and I mean in the true sense of the word, preserve peace
We have this tremendous military, and you know what that is? That's really a great fighting force, but I hope we never have to use it
I really do
You saw an example of that a couple of days ago
So we seek friends, not enemies, but if you dare to threaten our citizens, you do so at your own grave peril
We've never had a military, what we have now, we've never had anything like it
We were looking at planes that were old and tired, 50, 60-year-old planes
You've heard the story, the grandfather flew them, the son flew them, the current wonderful person flew them, the whole family flew them
Those are all gone now, folks
Those are all gone
In October of last year, US Special Operations Forces executed a daring nighttime raid that killed the bloodthirsty founder and leader of ISIS
The animal known as al- Baghdadi is dead
And the entire ISIS caliphate is destroyed, and his terrorist empire, and he was indeed a monster, has been totally demolished
We killed thousands and thousands of ISIS warriors, fighters, and we have thousands of them right now locked up where they should be
Nobody has ever done what we've done in three years
And I'll say this, when we took it over, it was a mess
We did it in a short period of time, but when we took it over, it was not good
And last week, the United States once again took the bold and decisive action to save American lives and deliver American justice
And you know what I'm talking about
For years, the sadistic mass murderer, Qasam Soleimani, planned and executed attacks against American targets, killing and wounding thousands of US service members and many, many thousands, and even hundreds of thousands, of other people
As the leader of Iran's terrorist Quds Force, Soleimani spread death, destruction, and mayhem across the Middle East and far beyond
He ordered the violent assault on the American embassy in Baghdad
And you saw this was the anti-Benghazi
We got there very quickly
We got there very quickly
This is the exact opposite, we did it exactly the opposite of Benghazi, where they got there so late, all they saw when they got there days later were burning embers from the days before
That's all they saw
We got there very early
We saw what was happening
I saw what was happening, and I said, What's that all about? And that was going to be another Benghazi
Had they broken through the final panels of glass, they were breaking and breaking it, had they gotten through, we would have had either hundreds of dead people or hundreds of hostages
That wasn't going to happen
And I called up our great generals, and I said, Get them over there now
And one of our leaders, one of our really admired people, said, Sir, we'll have them there tomorrow
I said, Nope, get in the planes right now, have them there immediately, and they got there immediately, fortunately
But he directed the recent rocket strikes that wounded four American service members, badly wounded, and killed an American citizen
That was just before we happened to hit him
Soleimani was actively planning new attacks and he was looking very seriously at our embassies, and not just the embassy in Baghdad
But we stopped him, we stopped him quickly and we stopped him cold
So at my direction, the United States military eliminated Qasam Soleimani and ended his rampage through not only that part of the world, but much bigger parts of the world, he was all over
He was a bad guy, he was a bloodthirsty terror and he's no longer a terror, he's dead
And yet now I see the radical left Democrats have expressed outrage over the termination of this horrible terrorist
And you know, instead they should be outraged by Soleimani's savage crimes and the fact that his countless victims were denied justice for so long
He was the king of the roadside bomb
You know of the roadside bomb, and then they got bigger, and he'd send them over to Afghanistan and Iraq
And when you see our friends and our great wounded warriors and our great warriors, when you see them without their legs and without arms and with so much damage, it's most likely that he caused that damage, because that's what he liked
He loved planting the roadside bomb
So now he's gone, and that's a good thing
Bernie Sanders, crazy Bernie, has condemned the US military strike on Soleimani, the world's top terrorist, think of it, the world's top terrorist, and we're having people like Nancy Pelosi, that's a real genius, do you believe that one? Nancy, nervous Nancy
But here's a guy who slaughtered and butchered civilians all over and military, whoever was in his way, and we have Bernie and Nancy Pelosi, we have them all, they're all trying to say, How dare you take him out that way? You should get permission from Congress
You should come in and tell us what you want to do
You should come in and tell us so that we can call up the fake news that's back there and we can leak it
That's a lot of corruption back there, folks
No, but think, seriously, so they want me So these are split-second decisions
You have to make a decision
So they don't want me to make that decision
They want me to call up, maybe go over there, let me go over to Congress, or come on over to the White House, let's talk about it
When can you make it? Well, I won't be able to make it today, sir, so how about say in a couple of days? Oh, good, come on over
No, we got a call, we heard where he was, we knew the way he was getting there, and we had to make a decision
We didn't have time to call up Nancy, who is not operating with a full deck
No, they want us to call, can you imagine calling crooked Adam Schiff? He's so crooked, he's so crooked
Shifty Schiff and say, Gee, Adam, how are you doing? Listen, we have the world's number one terrorist, killed thousands and thousands of people
We'd like to set up a meeting so we can discuss his execution
Would you be willing to meet? Well, I won't be able to make it this week
Well, you know, he's traveling fast
We got him lined up, Adam, you little pencil-neck
Nine inches
He buys the smallest shirt collar you can get, and it's loose
Now come on, Adam, we got to meet faster on it
We got to take this guy out
We're not going to have another shot at him maybe ever again
But I can't make it now because I'm trying to impeach Trump, I'm trying to impeach, even though he did nothing wrong
By the way, did you see, I did nothing wrong
They don't even know what in the hell is going on
In fact, it's so weak, she doesn't want to put in the articles, it's so weak
They're so pathetic
They're so pathetic
So they want us to call them
Now, Schiff is a big leaker
He leaks to crazy CNN
See with the little red light on over there
Not too many people are watching CNN
But he leaks
So he'll say, You know, off the record, I got to hurry up because everyone's watching me in the hallway on my cell phone, off the record they've got the number one terrorist in the world, Soleimani, and they're going to get him, they're going to take him out in the next 10 minutes
Please, don't tell anybody I told you
So we have breaking news, President Trump within the next 20, 25 minutes, looks to be taking out terrorist General Soleimani
He's going to do it
It should be happening in about the next 20 minutes, 19, 18, 17
Then we get back to the battlefield, how'd you do, fellas? I don't know, sir, he disappeared
I don't know what happened to him
They want us to tell them so that they can leak it to their friends in the corrupt media
You got to say though, that's a lot of media, right? That's the way the Academy Awards used to look when it was successful
Then they started hitting us all the time and it became unsuccessful
I love it, I love it, actually
Oh, they have some bad ones here tonight
They have some really bad ones, some really sick ones
They have one good one, by the way, one good one
They have one good one, a bunch of bad ones
Very, very dishonest people and we have some great ones, too
We have some great journalists, great reporters
But you've got a tremendous amount of dishonest media people like I have never seen in my life before
They write things that they know are wrong
They write, if you watched for the last three years, think of it, and then they get Pulitzer Prizes, but it turned out to be all wrong
How do you do that? They get Pulitzer Prizes for being wrong
The Pulitzer Prize doesn't mean a thing
It doesn't mean a thing
I mean, I'm here to tell you about the Nobel Peace Prize
I'll tell you about that
I made a deal
I saved a country
And I just heard that the head of that country is now getting the Noble Peace Prize for saving the country
I said, Did I have something to do with it? Yeah, but you know, that's the way it is
As long as we know, that's all that matters
I saved a big war
I saved a couple of them
But under my administration, we will never make excuses for America's enemies, we will never hesitate in defending American lives, and we will never stop working to defeat radical Islamic terrorism, never
And nobody's done it like we've done it
And it's we, it's we
It's not me, it's we
It's a whole movement
There has, by the way, never been a movement like this
You know, outside, I don't know what this place holds, it's like 10, 11,000 people, right? Outside you have thousands and thousands of people that want to get in
There's never been a movement like this
There's never been a movement like this
And I'll tell you, maybe I'm wrong, but this is bigger than it was in 2016, because in 2016 I said what we're going to do, but now I've completed more promises than I've made
I mean, I've actually completed more, right? Like, as an example, many of you were here, look at all those beautiful red hats, keep America great, that's good
But I never talked about, did you ever hear me prior to the election talk about Space Force? I never talked about it
We did Space Force, but did we ever speak about it? No
There were many things that we've done that we never spoke about, right? Right to Try, you know about Right to Try, right? They've been trying to get it for 44 years, Right to Try
That's people that are very sick, terminally ill, and they can't get medicine that possibly works
And very well, we have the greatest labs and the greatest doctors in the world, the greatest scientists in the world, we have the greatest medicines in the world
If they have something that they're pretty sure is going to work but is going to take another six years, I brought those times way back, by the way, way down, but they would travel to Asia, they would travel to Europe, they would travel all over the world to try and get a cure because we wouldn't sell them the medicine because we didn't want to take a chance on making the people sick
I said, Wait a minute, they're going to die
They're going to die
Well, sir, we can't take the liability
I said, Then we'll draw up a statement assessing all liability, taking all liability away from the country, away from the insurance companies, away from the healthcare companies, away from the doctors
And with the great help of a lot of incredible Republicans, and we had some Democrats help us, we passed Right to Try, and you have to see how this works
Some people are being, many people are being saved
And you know, the drug companies didn't like it because they didn't want to take people that sick, because they didn't want it on their charts
I said, I understand that
We won't include that
We'll have a separate list over here
They said, Oh, would you do that? I said, Yeah, I'll do that, I'll do that
But I didn't talk about Right to Try
I never said I was going to get that done, we got it done
That was a tough one to get done
It sounds simple, but it was tough
There's nothing easy in this country
You know, they said to me, a friend of mine the other day, Who's the toughest country to deal with, President? He used to call me Donald
I've known this guy for a long time
I'd like to say 20 years, but it's much more than that
I just don't want to tell you how long, it's too long
And I said, Call me Donald
You've always called me Donald
I can't
He calls me Mr
President
I've known this guy forever
He used to call me, Hey, Donald, let's go out to dinner
You know before, he'd go, Hey, let's go out to dinner
Now he goes, Mr
President, sir, how are you? Right? How are you? But what we've done, and he said, he told me, What you've done, we've never seen anything like it
So many people are saying that
We are all together doing something, not only in terms of the election, not only in terms of what we're doing right now
Don't forget, it's a long way to the election
You know, we have what, 10 months? That's a long way
This is my first stop of the year, first major stop of the year
This is it
And we start
By the way, let's do one of those polls right now, do you mind? Is there anything more fun than a Trump rally? Here we are
Anything more fun than a Trump rally? Here we are
We have the greatest phrase of all time, Make America Great Again, and all due respect, I'll never end  I'm a little superstitious
I'll never end it, Make America Great Again, but I see all those hats
I see all those hats, changing it a little bit, but Make America Great Again
I said, you know, today, we just hit the highest stock price in the history of our country
Your 401ks are at records, your stocks are great, but what it really means to me is jobs, more importantly, than anything else
We have the best jobs, the best everything, right? We just hit  I can't really say, Make America Great Again
Our military is rebuilt, $2
5 trillion
Our military is rebuilt
We're doing great numbers
Economically, our country is the strongest it's ever been
You have factories moving back into Ohio
You never saw anything like it, right? You had your best year
When I say Make America Great Again, what that sort of means is we didn't get there, but we did get there
Now, I have a new theme
It's called Keep America Great
Keep America Great
Now, I'm a very loyal person, and I am concerned about changing the theme because Make America Great Again I think was the greatest political campaign in history
I mean, crooked Hillary spent three or four times more money than I have spent
Crooked Hillary, wait, crooked  We should lock her up, I'll tell you
Crooked Hillary spent three or four times more
I wanted to be a little bit  I have to say, that was a great campaign, and I don't want to change it
I don't want to have this incredible 2016, then go with something, and if something ever happened, this country will go to hell, I just  You know the stocks I'm talking about, the records
You don't have records this way
You have records
Get used to it, because if that happened, you will see things happen that aren't good
But, I have to now say, do I want to change the greatest theme in political history, Make America Great Again, with Keep America Great, right? Let's take a little applause, right? We'll go Make America Great Again, you'd clap if you want that
Then we would go, Keep America Great, you'd clap if you like that
Okay, are you ready? First, Make America Great Again
Ready? Keep America Great
You know, that, I call that a free poll
That's better than a poll
Do you ever see these crazy polls that come out? We're doing great in the polls, by the way
Remember, I used to come out and talk about the polls? We'll start doing that very soon
We're doing great in the polls, but this is like a free poll
Somebody else would go out, they have all this money that they raised, and they give somebody $1 million, and they'll ask 200 people that question
Then, they'll say, Well, Make America Great Again is better, but I will tell you, I haven't heard one thing where that was true
With all of these  I would have said, instinctively, Make America Great Again could not be beaten
I've probably done this 10 times
I have never had it win
It's Keep America Great, and that's what we're doing, but we're going to use both
We're going to use both  Good
Keep America Great
We're going to use both, but Keep America Great
That's probably going to be the dominant theme
For eight years, the Obama administration enabled and emboldened-  the Iranian regime
They gave Iran $150 billion, including $1
7 billion-  in hard, cold cash
Can you imagine? No, no, can you imagine? $1
7 billion, $1
8 billion in cash? The foolish Iran nuclear deal financed Iranian aggression while allowing a quick path to nuclear breakout, that's what it did
By the way, it expires so soon
They can have nuclear weapons
They're not, as I said before, they will not have nuclear weapons
 They hit us with 16 missiles, and I said, How many? We were ready to go
We were ready to go
I said, How many? How many died? How many were wounded? Sir, none
None? Pretty good warning system, none
How many were hurt? How many were  None, sir
So, we didn't do anything
We were ready
We were ready
Not that I wanted to, but we were ready
You have no idea
A lot of people got very lucky
 We have a lot of your Congressmen right now in Congress
They said, Sir, should we come with you? I said, No, stay back and vote
They're voting on some pretty important stuff, right? But, we were able to get Bill
We thank you, Bill, very much, great job, great warrior
Thank you, Bill
Ohio Lieutenant Governor, Jon Husted
Thank you, Jon
Thank you, Jon
Thank you, Jon
Great job
State Treasurer, Robert Sprague
Thank you, Robert, and you have a lot more money in the bank right now, Robert, as Treasurer, right, than you ever did? Ohio Supreme Court Justice, Judy French
Thank you, Judy
Great job
State Senate President, a man highly respected, Larry Obhof
Thank you, Larry
And, a woman who really has become a great friend of mine
She took over this party
We fought like hell
We had some other people that had their mind on taking over the party, but they'd never had a chance against Jane Timken, Jane
And, the man who is in charge of my campaign in Ohio, I had a choice of five people
I said, I like this guy's name
I don't know why
His name is Bob Paduchik
Why do I like his name? I said Bob, how are we doing? He said, You're going to win big, sir
Because, you know, you keep hearing, you cannot win unless you win the great state of Ohio
That's these guys
Once, I was leading Ohio by a lot in the poll
They never say that anymore
It's terrible
They were saying it when they thought I wasn't going to win, but we were ahead right from the beginning
 I said, Bob, let me ask you, just out of curiosity, I don't have these people
The leaders are not with us
Is that good or bad? He said, Sir, it's great
You just went up three points, would you believe this, by not having it? He said, Don't worry, sir, you're going to win, and we won by a lot
Now, I understand we're up by a lot more than we ever thought possible
Bob was fantastic
Thank you, Bob
 Then, one of these characters back there, they put me in a contest with the late great Abraham Lincoln, right? Who do you like better, Trump or Abraham Lincoln? I said Abraham Lincoln- I said, who do you like better? They say they did a poll on this
I think I remember the numbers
All I know is, we won against Abraham, Honest Abe
We won, 53 to 47
Can you believe that, Abraham Lincoln? I went back to the First Lady, I said, First Lady, I just beat Abraham Lincoln in a poll
I don't know if they had polls back then, but Abraham Lincoln
I always say I can be more Presidential than any candidate that ever ran, than any President, other than maybe Abraham Lincoln when he's wearing his hat
I like Abe Lincoln, but when we're doing well, we have a lot of support
Do you know why? Because our country is doing so well
Our country is doing so well
When we went out, we started, and we went right to the top of the polls
It wasn't like these folks today
They are 2%, 3%, but they're climbing
We went right to the top from day one
We never missed center stage in the debates
Remember those great debates? We actually got high ratings
They don't get very good ratings anymore
They're like, it's like death, watching
I should watch
You know, I'm supposed to watch
It's like my job
Try and watch, watch the competition, but it's like watching death
 Did you see where Pocahontas is slipping, badly? Bernie, Bernie has gone up
He's surging, Bernie's, crazy Bernie, he's surging, and Biden doesn't know the difference between Iran and Iraq
He's gotten it wrong four times
He goes, When we took our shot at Iraq  No, no, no
They're all saying, No, no, they're screaming, It's Iran, Iran
What? His son, right? Where's Hunter, where is Hunter? No, I went to one of them
I said, We have to have where is Hunter as a witness
They said, What do you mean, where is Hunter? I said, That's his first name
I have now made his first name Where's
Where's Hunter? Here's a guy, made no money, got thrown out of the military forces, I think the Navy, got thrown out, had no job, had no nothing, so, he went from that to making millions of dollars a year as soon as Sleepy Joe became Vice President
He made millions of dollars a year
Would anybody in this room do that for millions of  I would
He made millions and millions of dollars a year
Ukraine took care of him
How about China? He walked out with $1
5 billion to manage, and he never did it before
He didn't know anything about oil and gas
He was making a fortune
So, where is Hunter? Where the hell are you, Hunter? I'll tell you, I sort of hope it's Joe, because he will hear where's Hunter every single debate, nine times a debate
Where is Hunter?  Howdy Doody
The problem is, a lot of people don't remember Alfred E
Neuman
Don't say that
You look much younger than that, I must say
You have Mayor Pete
I mean, give me a break
Can you believe Mayor Pete? This is going to be the President of the United States? How would he be against negotiating against President Xi of China? We just made one hell of a deal
You're going to see the numbers very soon, you know? One hell of a deal
They didn't like those tariffs
Thanks to Republican leadership, America is winning again, and America, most importantly, is respected again, respected like never before
You know, for years, NATO has taken advantage of the United States
We protect Europe from Russia, and the numbers have been going down for many, many years, 15 years, 18 years
The numbers is like a roller coaster down
I went over, and I said Folks, you got to pay your bills
You're delinquent
You're delinquent
Then, they don't like me
They say, We like Obama better
They should like Obama better
Obama would go in and say, Thank you very much for coming
We appreciate it
Bye-bye, I'm going back to Washington
I'm going back
I'll be violating the carbon footprint
I'm going to Hawaii to play golf
I drive to play a round of golf at the course I own, it doesn't even cost them anything
He flies to Hawaii, nobody cares
If I drive 20 minutes, it's like, Donald Trump is playing golf today
He violates the carbon footprint, but just think of it
Think of where we've come
Think of where we've come
A great congressman from Tennessee, they have  It's a great state
They have early voting, very early voting, probably the earliest
He said, I don't know
I just left Tennessee
This was in November
This was the election, 2016
He said, I just left this incredible state of mine, and I love that state
Sir, we've seen lines of people that didn't vote before, because they never were inspired to vote, and these are people that never voted
They had hats on, Trump
They have pins, on Trump, Trump, Trump, and Trump
They have the bands on, you know, like a Miss Universe, prom
It says, Trump Pence, and they've got buttons all over it
They've got shirts saying Trump and Trump Pence
I never saw anything like it
If every state is like Tennessee, sir, I hate to tell you, you're going to have one hell of a victory, and that's what happened, right? That's happened
You did it
You did it, and I think we're going to have bigger numbers, even bigger numbers, because I'll tell you what, we're a long way from the election
I think the crowds today are bigger than they were the day before the election last time
I really do
You know, Elizabeth Warren-  sadly referred to, she of great Indian heritage
Remember, I used to say, I have more Indian blood in me than she has, and I have none
I turned out to be right
You look at what she's doing, you look at what she's saying, the lies, the deceit, the fraud, you see it all
We are going to do so great
It's got to be something that's going to be special
It's going to be for the record books
The Evangelicals called some of the greatest pastors, ministers, preachers, and they just called today, five of the most respected people
They said things that were incredible
They said, There's never been anything like this in the church that they can  Some of them have been doing it for 30, 40 years
They said, We have never seen enthusiasm like we see for this President and for this Presidency, all of us, like we have right now
 He never said that before
Billy Graham wasn't somebody that would vote and say he voted
Franklin Graham said Billy Graham, maybe the greatest of all, maybe the greatest of all time, he said My father, Billy Graham, who was very old at the time and in trouble, he was in trouble, he was not well, he voted for Donald Trump
What a great tribute that was to me
What a great tribute
Great family
Unemployment has reached the lowest level in over 51 years
African-American, Hispanic-American, and Asian-American unemployment have all reached the lowest rates ever, ever, ever recorded
Wages are rising fast
They're going up very fast, and the biggest percentage increase, makes me happy, are for blue-collar workers
40 million
Think of this, 40 million American families are now benefiting from the Republican child tax credit, each receiving an average of over $2,200 a year
Now, America lost  This is hard to believe, because you think, How could it possibly be true? but this is what happened
Probably, it's the number one reason I'm running
America lost 60,000 factories under the previous administration, 60,000
You wouldn't believe that it's possible, but I know it's true, because I've said it 50 times, and the fakers back there, they've never corrected me
No, it's true
No, it's true
If I were slightly off, if it were, if I was off by two factories, there'd be a headline, Donald Trump Told a Fib
Donald Trump gets to be a Pinocchio again
No
Think of it, 60,000 factories, plants and factories, closed, closed
They went to Mexico
They went to China
60,000
It's not even  Take a look at a map and put 60,000 little dots
I mean, you wouldn't believe it could be that many, but it is, it's 60,000 closed, gone
They're all coming back
They're all coming back
Right now, just in a very short period of time, we've added 12,000 brand new factories, and many more are coming in
One of the reasons they're coming in is we've eliminated a record number of job- killing regulations, saving the average American household $3,000 a year
Total income gains for median households will reach over, ready? $10,000 a family
$10,000
Now, under the Bush administration, the $10,000, that includes what we've done in terms of median income
I'm adding in there the tax cuts, which are tremendous, $2,400
I'm adding the regulation cuts, I'm adding the whole package over $10,000
Now, under President Bush, it was $450
Under Barack Hussein Obama, it was $975
Under President Donald J
Trump, it's $10,000 in three years, three
In three years
Don't forget, President Bush, eight years, $450
President Obama, eight years, $975
President Trump, three years, not even, not even, not even, but three years, $10,000
We're going up
We're going up
 Clean coal
What they do with coal today is incredible, clean coal
With the help of energy workers right here in Ohio, the United States is now the number one producer of oil and natural gas anywhere in the world by far, number one
We were number one
 You know, there's a state known as Texas, and I won Texas by a lot, just like I won Ohio by a lot
How would you like to go into Texas and say, By the way, we don't want your oil or natural gas anymore? How about that Beto? Remember he said, I was born to be President
Anybody that says that, I said, That's the end of his career
Remember, he had the cover of the magazine? I won't mention the magazine, sleazebag magazine
He was born to be President, and right after that, he came tumbling down, but he's from Texas, so he was against religion, he was against oil, and he was against guns
Abraham Lincoln could not win in Texas with that platform
That's not a good platform
It's not a good platform, but you have people that want to shut down the oil industry
If you do that, you're going to shut down half your businesses
It's really more than that, and the rest of them are not going to be able to pay because the cost of this energy would be so expensive
We have all forms of energy
We have every form of energy, and we are doing great, but they want to cripple your state's economy
The voters of Ohio will never let that happen, never going to let it happen
Our air and our water right now is cleaner than it's been in 40 years
Sadly, I can't say historic because, you know, a couple of hundred years ago, there was nobody here, right? I assume that 2, 300 years ago was cleaner, probably
You never know, but our water and our air is as clean as it's ever been, and I took us out of that horrible Paris accord
I always say, How are you doing with the Paris accord? Don't ask
Saved trillions and trillions of dollars that was put in there to hurt us, in my opinion
It was put in there to hurt us
We were paying money to India
We were paying money to China
China's didn't kick in until 2030, we kicked in immediately
We had to pay money
Russia kicked in, in 20  Let's see, they kicked in before
They were 1990, wait, they were 1996
That was a very dirty period of air, so, they didn't have  We kick in now, and that, it's just unacceptable
We would have spent trillions and trillions of dollars
We would have had to close up, I think, at least 25% to 30% of our businesses
Who the hell would make a deal like that, right? Who would make a deal like that? No, how unfair
You look at Russia
You look at China
You look at India
They all got these massive breaks
We got no breaks, and we're paying money
I say sometimes to France, How are the yellow vests working out? Because they don't like raising their taxes and sending the money to faraway places that they'd never heard of
So, we are in good shape
It took a certain amount of courage to do that
I said I'm going to get killed on this one, and you know what? I did it, and I was applauded, because the people get it
The people know what we're doing, and they're tired of being ripped off by the rest of the world
They're tired of being ripped off by the rest of the world
 I immediately canceled the Obama administration's job-killing catastrophe, which would have dealt a death blow to the United States auto industry, the Transpacific Partnership
It was a disaster
That was going to be worse than NAFTA
NAFTA, I always say, the world's worst deal
I think that would have been worse
It would have taken the car industry
It would have taken many of your industries
That was a setup for the United States to get fleeced
 That's going to include, because we take care of our great auto workers of Toledo, the home of Jeep
How good is Jeep? I've taken the toughest-ever action against China's chronic trade abuses, including tariffs on $370 billion worth of Chinese made goods, bringing billions and billions of dollars into our treasury
I gave some of that money, because they were targeted, to our farmers, and our farmers did just fine
Now, the deal is done, and the other deals are done, and the farmers are doing very well
We love our farmers, and they never complain
They never complain
You know, when they'd go, the fake news back there, they'd go and they'd talk- And when they come, the fake news back, they go and talk to the farmers
What do you think of President Trump? China is deciding not to buy anymore of this
You know what the farmers would say, We're going to have to suffer for a while because there's China and there's other nations have been ripping us off for years
The President is right and we're with the President
How great? How great? But our strong action paid off and we'll sign that terrific and fully enforceable Phase One trade deal with China
And again, we're keeping the tariffs on because we use that for other money
We are taking billions
Remember what I said? We're not paying for it
Because China devalued their currency and then they put a lot of money into the pot
We're not paying for it
And now they're starting to say, I guess he was right
And our trade deficit, as a result, has come, has really come substantially down
It was just in the papers today
The trade deficit has come down
As a result of our actions, steel mills all across Ohio, you know this better than I do, are roaring back to life! JSW Steel is investing five hundred million dollars in Acero Junction
Republic Steel is reopening the Loraine Mill that they idled in 2016
Charter Steel is building a 150 million dollar mill in Cuyahoga Heights and Nucor is investing 85 million dollars at a facility in Marion, Ohio
Think of that
I think you do
The steel industry was dead and now it's vibrant
All told, American steel companies are currently making 13 billion dollars worth of new investments all across our nation
Think of that
They weren't investing 25 cents
The industry was dead
Now it's vibrant
After years of rebuilding other nations, we are finally rebuilding our nation
We are finally putting America first! But while we are creating jobs and killing terrorists, the Washington Democrats are wasting America's time with demented hoaxes and crazy witch hunts
Think of it
The day they came down that escalator it started
Who the hell else could they take in this stuff? Right? Can I get some credit for that? Most guys would have been in a corner with their thumb in their mouth saying, Mommy, Mommy, take me home
These are bad people
The Democrat politicians we're fighting today are the same ones who took a sledgehammer to Ohio jobs in factories
They destroyed your factories
They destroyed your jobs
But they're losing and we're winning and America's comeback continues full speed ahead
On no issue have Democrat politicians more clearly betrayed the American people than the issue of illegal immigration
Far left radical politicians support deadly sanctuary cities and demonstrated their contempt, scorn, and disdain for everyday Americans and the American family
These jurisdictions release dangerous violent criminal aliens out of their jails and directly onto your streets where they are free to rob, attack, and kill American citizens but stop it
They want open borders
Can you believe it? And because of Democrats' open border policies, they want open borders
They want more people flowing
Come on in
Come on in
Innocent Americans are being brutalized and murdered by illegal alien criminals
As just one example right here in Ohio, you all know about it, an illegal alien went on a deadly crime spree, attempting to rape a 14-year-old girl
Then raping an murdering a 60-year old woman
Then shooting at a woman who took a shortcut through the park and was walking with her children
And finally the police came
We love our police
And they were able to apprehend this terrible criminal
Thanks to Democrat policies, MS-13 gang members they're the worst were allowed to infiltrate the country
You know I called them animals and Nancy Pelosi said, They're not animals
They're human beings
Take a look at what's happened to her district
Her district is one of the most disgusting dirty it used to be one of the best in the country
Now it's a disgrace what's happened
Drug dealings all over the place
The homeless they're not taking care of
Tents down major thoroughfares
What happened in San Francisco, in particular her district, and she lives in this beautiful house
But they turn all these arsonists out, including killing their victims with machetes, MS-13
They kill them with machetes
You know why? Because it's more painful than using a gun
Federal authorities recently discovered and rounded up more than 25 MS-13 gang members in Central Ohio
And they will be sent to jail or frankly, I they hold them I don't know that they can hold them
They're going to be sent the hell back home
Last year alone, ICE officers, who by the way are heroes
These are brave people
I don't want to do it
You don't want to do it
Let's see, you can do it
You can do it
You can do it
Most of you wouldn't
I mean, I've seen it
They have these people that are like killers
And now the guys are here
And they want to call them a safe place
And they run in and they're swinging and punching
What the hell kind of a job is that? That's what they do
They're tough people
They're great patriots
Who the hell wants to do it? They're incredible, ICE
And they get scorned and we take out thousands and thousands of MS-13 members every single year
They throw them in the back of the van and we get them the hell out of our country
But ICE offices worked through Ohio police to remove one thousand two hundred dangerous criminal aliens from your streets
And on all your street, do you see the difference now between what it is now? We have a problem over there? Go ahead
Take your time
Take your time
Good, thank you
Great job
Thank you
Okay these people here, unlike you up there, these people have been waiting for three days so that they could be here
I don't know
You know what? If I had to wait three days, I think I'd like your seat better
I like your seat
But Democrats stand for crime, corruption, and chaos
Republicans stand for law, order, and justice
That's really the way it is
We side with law enforcement, with law abiding Americans, not law breaking criminal aliens
We are removing these illegal criminals and gang members from our country by the thousands
We are sending them home
And we will no let them back in
And I have to tell you, a lot of things are happening
You're going to hear about that in two seconds
Thanks to our tireless efforts to secure the border, illegal crossing are down 75% since May
We have ended catch and release
Catch and release, you know what catch and release is? We catch them
We take down their name and we release them
What kind of crap is that? These are the policies that we inherited
You catch somebody, take their name
Say Please come back in three years
Right? And we're releasing them back to the community
And if you don't do that everybody gets sued
Can you believe this? We have ended catch and release
The other one, beauty, how about that lottery? It's called VISA lottery
How about this? They put their hand these people are going to America
Bomb
I will not use names because I'll be accused of something later
But from Honduras, what about it? El Salvador, we have He's good
Only in Ohio can that happen
Who's the man that did that? Who is that? So anyway, but, in Honduras, Guatemala they have like this lottery
Now the people, I've gotten to know the government officials
They're good
They've made some good things
They said, Hey we need to take our people back
They're getting their people back
Before, they wouldn't take them back
They'd send them here to go into our county
We'd bring them back under past administrations and then after that, they'd say, We're not taking them back
We're not taking them back
Take them the hell our of here
We're not letting you land your plane
So we have the government flying the plane all over trying to get a couple prisoners, bad people back
Now they take them back
You know why? Because we said, Look, if you don't take them back, we're going to put tariffs on every single thing you sell
Now they say, We'd love to take them back
We'd love to take them back
We'll take them back gladly, sir
No, they couldn't get them back
We'd take off with these absolutely gang members an we'd bring them back and they wouldn't accept them
We couldn't land the plane
We couldn't get anything through the border
It comes through the border this way, not that way
But now they take them back
They've been good actually
They've been very good
Now we paid them a lot of money
We paid them 500 million dollars a year
Can you believe we paid them 500 million through El Salvador? And I said, Oh, there's not going to be any money anymore because you're not treating us right
And they've been good
They've been great
They take them back
How many would you like us to take? We'll take as many as you want
And here's the big thing
Ready? You ready? Today in the newspapers in the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals we won't the big big beautiful lawsuit when they were all suing us
The wall is being built
We built it
We built already a tremendous amount
But we're releasing four million dollars of military construction funds to build the biggest section of the wall
It's literally being signed now and will be under construction very shortly in couple of weeks
And we've already built over a 100 miles of wall
How about that? 100 miles
And by the end of next year, we're going to have a lo more built
And it's already having a big impact
How about that, Democrats? Walls don't work
We want technology
I said, What do you want to do? They want drones
Oh, good
When people are rushing, the caravans, when they're rushing, having a drone flying around is not going to help you do it
Okay? Nothing like you know five years ago, the Democrats all wanted a wall
They just could never get I built
They didn't know how the hell to build it
I do
So we built 100 miles
I think probably more than that now
We have a lot under contract
But we won our big case just I woke up
They said, Sir, we have good news
They overturned a horrible decision from the lower court
You can now fund the rest of the wall
I said, Thank you very much
Thank you, Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals have changed some
They want crime
They want gangs
I'm saying all this stuff and then I say, Gee, now I sort of understand why they hate me
Right? But it's true
It's true
Their policies are a disaster
They're bad politicians and they're horrible policies but what they do is they stick together and then they're vicious
They're vicious, horrible people
I didn't say that
They're horrible people
What they do to people is as disgrace but they stick together left their party and joined our party
But we've done things nobody's ever done before
But the Democrats are taking their cues from socialist Bernie Sanders and that group
Omar, AOC, Talib
This is a jihadist woman, Talib
Talib
Boy, what a group but they're the leaders of the party
They're really my opinion dealers
That's what happened
That's how they got into this impeachment on this
The leaders of the party are there's AOC, Talib, and Omar
And Pelosi beats them but she shakes and quivers and she's very soft
But you know who the leader of your party is? All of you
You
You're the leader of your party
Everybody believed me
Then she went down
Then she started coming up and then he went down
It doesn't help me to do it a year-and-a-half before the election
That's why, like with the Green New Deal, okay? I want to say great things about it
Okay? I don't want to knock it and then say, Oh, we're not going to use that
I like it when they say, You no longer can fly airplanes
No longer can you have any cows in meadows
Right? No longer can you do anything
We can't do anything anymore
The Green Deal, I love it
I think it's great
It should be debated
It should be debated rally it's a month before
You'll get to hear the real facts
But I'm tired of talking about this 10 months before the election
They can do more with the tape than they can do with a newspaper
No, they'll do it
You'll see it
Somewhere you'll see it, Trump supports his plan
They are sick
Republicans will defend middle class taxpayers and the right to keep the doctor of your choice
We will protect patients with pre-existing conditions
And we will protect your pre-existing physician
You'll have your physician
Virtually every top Democrat also now supports late term abortion, ripping babies straight from the mother's womb, right up until the moment of birth
That is why I have asked Congress to prohibit late-term abortion because Republicans believe that every child is a sacred gift from God
Radical Democrats now have a party of high taxes, high crime, open borders, late-term abortion, socialism, and blatant corruption
The Republican Party is the party of the American worker, the American family, and the party of the American dream
We still have the American dream
Mitch helped a lot
He helped a lot
It wasn't so easy
Mitch McConnell
We're aggressively combating the opioid epidemic and it's bad
In 2018, drug overdose deaths in Ohio fell by listen to this 22%
That's not good enough but credit to opioid
And as we continue rebuilding our military, we have the star legendary Army tank factory in Lima
And we've authorized 441 new striker fighting combat vehicles and 453 new Abrams tanks to be built in the Buckeye State
That's a lot of tanks
So wait, just a quick story
Okay? I'm proud of this
So they had this Army tank plant, right, in Lima
And I said What's going on? They're closing it
Oh
They're closing
They're closing everything
When I came they wanted to close everything
So I was president-elect I think right around at that time
And I went to Lima and went through the factory where they make these trucks, the plant
And they make the tanks
They make all of these Army vehicle
And I said, These people are amazing
You could never close this
You could never re-open it again
They'd been doing this for many many decades and this factory was incredible
And I looked at the tanks they made
They're the best in the world by Abrams
They're the best in the world
I said, Wait a minute
If you close this, we're not going to be where are you going to build tanks? This is the primary factory in the whole country
I think it might be the only factory in the whole country
 Please send us 200 tanks
We don't want to send you any tanks because we're going to kick your ass
We're going to make our own tanks
Right? We've got to make our own tanks
So I did something, based on my instinct because instinct sometimes works better than anything else
Based on my instinct, I said,  You can't close this plant
I went through that plant
I spent two, three hours talking to people who worked there
I looked at some of the hydraulic and I'm, I love all in the world, tractors, all of that stuff
I know a lot about it
And I looked at the carvings
I looked at the metal
I looked at how perfect everything was that turns around
How perfect it fit
They put it on and it would fit like within 1/100th of an inch
And I said, You're not going to be able to do this anyplace else
I said, And we're going to be expanding our military
We're going to be rebuilding
Who the hell's going to make our tanks if you close? I said, Keep it open
I actually, it was all closed
Is there anybody from Lima? Is that a true story? Right? It was closed
They announced it was closed
It was all set to close
I said, You can't close this plant
And now look, the numbers I just gave you
We're making almost 500 new tanks
You could've never reopened a place like that
It's incredible
And you could've never gotten those workers
They're really skilled people and if you did it would cost you billions and billions of dollars to do it
It wouldn't have been as good as we have
So that was something I did that I'm very proud of because I really over-rode a lot of talented people that wanted it to close
I recognized Israel's true capitol and opened the American Embassy in Jerusalem
And we further recognized Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights, 52 years
For years you watched as your politicians apologized for America
Now you have a President who is standing up for America and we are standing up for the great people of Ohio
And saying our present battle is the survival of the American nation
If you want your children to inherit the blessings that generations of Americans have fought and died for, and fought so hard to secure, then we must devote everything we have toward victory in 2020
We have to win
You know, we have to win
Because all of these things that we've done can be undone
And you can have a country that goes to hell very very fast, very very fast
Only in this way can we save the America we love and drain the Washington swamp once and for all
And I have seen that dirty rotten swamp better than anybody else in America
A lot of crooked people, disgusting crooked people
With your help, we will lift millions more of our citizens from welfare to work, dependence to independence, and poverty to prosperity
Together we will elect a Republican Congress to create a fair, safe, sane, and lawful system of immigration
We will enact trade deals that result in more products proudly stamped with that beautiful phrase Made in the U
S
A
We will achieve new breakthroughs in science and medicine, finding new cures for childhood cancer and ending the AIDS epidemic in America
Nobody knew that
It could've been done long before I got here
They had the technology
But we're ending the AIDS epidemic in America within 10 years
Isn't that amazing? Whoever thought that was possible? Who would have thought that's possible? We will defend privacy, free speech, religious liberty, and the right to keep and bear arms
And above all, we will never stop fighting for the sacred values that bind us together as one big beautiful America
We support, protect, and defend the Constitution of the United States
We stand with the incredible heroes of law enforcement
We believe in the dignity of work and the sanctity of life
We believe that faith and family, not government and bureaucracy are the true American way
We believe that children should be taught to love our country, honor our history, and to always respect our great American flag
And we will always live by the words of our national motto, In God We Trust
We stand on the shoulders of generations of Ohio patriots who gave their blood, sweat, and tears for this beloved nation
From Cleveland to Cincinnati, from Dublin to Dayton, and from Columbus to Toledo, this state is the home of proud families and farmers, and miners, and manufacturers, and aviators, and astronauts
Ohio is where the Wright Brothers invented the airplane and where Annie Oakley got her gun
Ohio is the state that gave us American legends and American heroes like Thomas Edison, Neil Armstrong, and the great John Glenn
Ohio is the place where strong American workers mined coal, worked the railroads, and forged the steel that made America into the greatest most powerful nation in the history of the world
And we are making it greater than ever before
Proud citizens like you helped build this country and together we are taking back our country
We are returning power to you, the American people
With your help, your devotion, and your drive, we are going to keep on working
We are going to keep on fighting, and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning
We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God
America is thriving like never before
And ladies and gentlemen of Ohio, the best is yet to come
Because together, we will make American wealthy again
We will make America strong again
We will make America proud again
We will make America safe again
And we will make America great again
Thank you, Toledo
Thank you

Thank you, thank you
So we begin, Oklahoma, we begin
Thank you, Oklahoma
And thank you to Vice President Mike Pence
We begin, we begin our campaign
Thank you
We begin our campaign and I just want to thank all of you, you are warriors
I've been watching the fake news for weeks now, and everything is negative
Don't go, don't come, don't do anything
Today it was like, I've never seen anything like it
I've never seen anything like it
You are warriors, thank you
We had some very bad people outside
We had some very bad people outside, they were doing bad things
But I really do, I appreciate it
We have just a tremendous group of people in Oklahoma
And I hear, I hear from your two great Senators and your governor that we're doing very well in Oklahoma, that's the word
That's the word
I stand before you today to declare the silent majority is stronger than ever before
Five months from now, we're going to defeat sleepy Joe Biden
Boy, does he get a pass from these people, huh? We're going to stop the radical left
We're going to build a future of safety and opportunity for Americans of every race, color, religion, and creed
Republicans are the party of liberty, equality, and justice for all
We are the party of Abraham Lincoln and we are the party of law and order
Think of what we've done
We will have close to 300 federal judges appointed and approved by the end of my first time, that's an all time record
That's an all time record
I've always heard how important judges are
Now we know how important they are
Think of that over 300, around 300, by the end of the term
And when we have another four years, we're going to have a big, big percentage of the total number
Very important, November 3rd
And two great Supreme Court judges
So we have two justices of the Supreme Court, Justice Gorsuch, Justice Kavanaugh, they're great
They are, they're great
We have two
And we could get a few more, yeah, we can get a few more
We've spent over $2 trillion to completely rebuild the unmatched strength and power of the United States Military
And all of that incredible equipment, whether it's submarines or missiles or rockets or jet fighters, bombers, it's all built in the USA
We passed V
A
Choice
Thank you very much, Jim
Where's my Senator? Jim Inhofe, you better vote for him, he's running, he's great
But we'll get to him and James Lankford in a second, two great Senators
You have two great senators
So we passed V
A
Choice
So if you're a veteran, for years and years, they've wanted to do it for almost 50 years, we got it done
We get a lot of things done
And so if you're a veteran and you have to wait on line for one week, two weeks, three weeks, five weeks, seven weeks, two months
What happens is you go outside, you get a private doctor, you get fixed up and they pay your bill
We take care of the bill
We take care of the bill and you get immediate service
It's never happened before
And our approval rating at the V
A
is now 91%, that's how good it is
Never been anywhere near that number
Never been anywhere near that number
And V
A
accountability, we had a lot of bad people in the V
A
People that didn't love our vets, people that were sadistic, people that stole, a lot of bad people
You couldn't get rid of them because they were, let's say it could be unions, it could be civil service, right, let's say, let's just say
And so you couldn't get it done
That was another one for decades and decades, they wanted to get it changed
And I got it done with those people and your Congressman, your Congressman who I'm going to introduce
V
A
accountability, and now somebody treats our veterans badly and we look at them and what do we say? We say, you're fired, get out, right? Get out
They got rid of a lot of bad people that were there for a long time
Sort of like me in Washington, draining the swamp
I never knew it was so deep
But it's happening
It's happening, I never knew it was so deep
It's deep and thick and a lot of bad characters
Thank you
We're lowering the price of prescription drugs, making our allies pay their fair share
They get a big bargain on drug prices and enacting fair trade deals
That finally, finally, after all these years put America first
I've been saying it for a long time
We passed the largest tax cuts in the history of our country
The Democrats want to raise your taxes
Tell me about that
Tell me about that
I guess I'm old fashioned
All my life, all my life, I heard politicians want to lower taxes, not raise them
If you could lower him, you couldn't lose
The Democrats want to substantially raise your taxes
How do you figure that? How do you figure that? And regulation cuts, we passed more regulation cuts than any administration in the history of our country
And with the help of our great energy workers, many of them come from the great state of Oklahoma
Do you ever notice that Biden, no, do you ever notice that Biden oftentimes gets the state wrong? He's in Iowa and he says it's good to be in Idaho
No, no, you're in Iowa
He's in New Hampshire and he says it's great to be in Ohio
No, no, no, you're in New Hampshire
That happens to him all the time, hasn't happened to me yet
When that happens, there's nothing you can do to make up for it
You might as well just walk off the stage because the speech is a disaster
Right, right
But we just turned the United States into the dominant energy super power of the world, of the world
And because of the Chinese virus, what happened about three months ago, it looked like we were in big trouble and we were, and I got it back together
I called Russia
Right, I called Russia
I called Saudi Arabia and believe it or not, I called Mexico
Mexico was a little bit tough
That's called OPEC Plus, did you ever hear of OPEC Plus
That's OPEC Plus plus
And we got them to do the right thing and we have our energy back to almost $40 a barrel, meaning you have an energy business again
Almost $40 a barrel
Couple of months ago, it was zero and we were going to lose 10 million energy jobs, 10 million jobs
So Texas and Oklahoma and North Dakota, and many other states would have been hurt
Now you think you're going to be hurt there
You try putting AOC in judge of your energy
That will make the pandemic look like child's play to the people in energy
She has one problem, it's called petroleum
No president or administration has done more in the first three and a half years than the Trump administration
Not even close
Nobody
How about the CNN anchor, how about the CNN anchor, you know, did a little shave job in the head, which is fine
And he's standing in front of a building saying, things are very peaceful here
And the building is, it looks like the biggest fire I've ever seen
The whole town is burning
It's like the biggest fire
And he said, Things are very good here, Anderson
I think it's great
These are wonderful people, Anderson
Did you ever see that? It looked like the world was coming to an end
And we did something in Minneapolis after watching for three or four days, I called, I said, You got to get  you can't protect yourselves
I got them to take 8,000 National Guardsmen
And in one hour it all ended and they rode through the next three weeks with no problem
And we did the same thing in other cities
But how about Seattle? Isn't that great? So they take over a big chunk of a city called Seattle
I mean, we're not talking about some little place, we're talking about Seattle
Have you ever been to Seattle? They took over a big chunk and the governor, who's radical left, all of these places I talk about are Democrat, you know that, every one of them, every one of them
And I'd have an offer out, I said, Anytime you want we'll come in, we'll straighten it out in one hour or less
Now I may be wrong, but it's probably better for us to just watch that disaster
I flew in with some of our great congressmen, who we're going to introduce it a second
And I said to them, Congressmen, what do you think? I can straighten it out fast, should we just go in? No, sir
Let it simmer for a little while
Let people see what radical left Democrats will do to our country
But Americans have watched left wing radicals, burn down buildings, loot businesses, destroy private property, injure hundreds of dedicated police offices
These police officers, they get injured, they don't complain
They're incredible
And injure thousands upon thousands of people only to hear the radical fake news say what a beautiful rally it was
And they never talk about COVID
They don't talk about, when you see 25,000 people walking down Fifth Avenue or walking down a street of a Democrat run city, you never hear them saying, they're not wearing their mask
You don't hear their say, as they're breaking windows and running in
And then when I say the looters, the anarchists, the agitators, they say, What a terrible thing for our president to say, what a terrible thing
But you don't hear them talking about COVID, COVID, to be specific, COVID-19
That name gets further and further away from China, as opposed to calling it the Chinese virus
And despite the fact that we  I have done a phenomenal job with it, I shut down the United States to very heavily infected but all people from China in late January, which is months earlier than other people would have done it, if they would have done it at all
I saved hundreds of thousands of lives
We don't ever get even a mention
Then I closed it down to Europe early, closed it down because I saw what was happening
And by the way, most people said, don't do it, don't do it
We saved hundreds of thousands of lives and all we do is get hit on like we're terrible
And what we've done with the ventilators and with the medical equipment
And with testing, you know, testing is a double edged sword
We've tested now 25 million people
It's probably 20 million people more than anybody else
Germany's done a lot
South Korea has done a lot
They called me, they said, the job you're doing  Here's the bad part
When you do testing to that extent, you're going to find more people, you're going to find more cases
So I said to my people slow the testing down, please
They test and they test
We had tests and people don't know what's going on
We got tests, we got another one over here
The young man's 10-years-old
He's got the sniffles
He'll recover in about 15 minutes
That's a case, add him to it
That's okay
That's a case
I was actually with a very nice man, very good man, even though he's very liberal, the Governor of New Jersey, right? We know him? Now listen, he said to me, something that's amazing
New Jersey was very heavily hit, very hard hit, thousands of people
He said with thousands of people that died, thousands of people, there was only one person that died under the age of 18
Would you believe that? Which tells me one thing, that kids are much stronger than us
When you see a little kid running around say, Boy, oh, boy, do you have a great immune system? How about a piece of your immune system? They don't even know about this
Let's open the schools, please
Open the schools
Open the schools
We got to get them open
In the fall, we got to get them open
The unhinged left wing mob is trying to vandalize our history, desecrate our monuments, our beautiful monuments
Tear down our statues and punish, cancel and persecute anyone who does not conform to their demands for absolute and total control
We're not conforming, that's why we're here, actually
This cruel campaign of censorship and exclusion violates everything we hold dear as Americans
They want to demolish our heritage so they can impose their new oppressive regime in its place
They want to defund and dissolve our police departments, think of that
00 o'clock in the morning and a very tough, I've used the word on occasion, hombre, a very tough hombre is breaking into the window of a young woman whose husband is away as a traveling salesman or whatever he may do
And you call 911 and they say, I'm sorry, this number's no longer working
By the way, you have many cases like that, many, many, many
Whether it's a young woman, an old woman, a young man or an old man and you're sleeping
So what are you going to do, right? So they want to defund
They really do, this as a serious movement
And in Minneapolis, the council's already passed it
In Seattle, you see what's going on there, it's even worse, okay
These people are stone cold crazy
They're crazy, you want to say that beautiful heritage of ours, we have a great heritage
We're a great country
You are so lucky I'm president, that's all I can tell you
People have come up to me, say, How do you take it? I say, Do I have a choice? Do I have a choice? We deal with a lot of bad people, but we're winning
And every once in a while, I'll have one of these days where I'm hit left and right, left and right, like even this great event
If you could have seen outside or if you could have heard the reports, the reports, Oh, it's COVID
It's this again
By the way, it's a disease without question, has more names than any disease in history
I can name, Kung flu
I can name, 19 different versions of names
Many call it a virus, which it is
Many call it a flu, what difference? I think we have 19 or 20 versions of the name
But they say to me, Where do you get the energy? I say, I don't have a choice
I don't have a choice
It was interesting, to show you how fake they are, you might've seen it
So last week they called me and they say, Sir, West Point, West Point, we're ready
I said, Oh, that's right
I have to make the commencement speech at West Point
Just to show you how bad the fake news is, so they say to me, Sir, we're ready to go
I say, Let's go
This is after saying hello to a lot of cadets, inspecting little areas of a building, that was very exciting
Actually, it's beautiful, very old
Studied a lot of our great generals, some of our presidents that went there
West Point is beautiful, right on the Hudson River
But after an hour, the general that runs it is a fantastic guy
After an hour, we land, we do some more inspections and they say, Sir, are you ready? Yes, I am
So we walked like the equivalent of about three blocks, which is fine
We go onstage, which is fine
They make speeches, then I make a speech that lasted a long time
I don't know, maybe 45 minutes, maybe longer, I don't know but a long time
The sun is pouring down on me, okay
But they said to me before the speech, Sir, would you like to salute each cadet, each single cadet? Or maybe there'll be in groups of two
Would you like to salute? Like this? Yes
Like this, almost 600 times
You know what that is? 600 times
Thank God they were in twos because let me tell you, you do that 600 times, you go home and you say it's like a workout without a weight, right? 600 times
So I did that
Then the incredible helicopters, brand new gorgeous helicopters, the Apaches and the other new ones that we just bought like that, but I make this speech
I salute for probably an hour and a half, maybe more, but around that
Watch
If I'm off by two minutes they'll say, He exaggerated
It was only an hour and 25 minutes
He exaggerated, he lied, he lied, he's a liar
These people are sick, the fake news
So then I finish saluting my final salute, I said, Thank goodness
Thank you very much
Think of it
So essentially almost 600 times
Now the general says, Sir, are you ready? I said, I'm ready General, where are we going now? You have to understand I left early in the morning to get there
Now it's sort of late in the afternoon
A lot of these fakers were with us
So they know
He said,  Sir, we can now leave the stage
I said, Great general, let's go, I'll follow you, and he goes like this, Right here, sir, and I walked off
The stage was higher than this one and the ramp was probably 10 yards long
I say, General
Now you got to understand, I have the whole corps of cadets looking at me and I want them to love their president, I did this big thing
I love them, I love them
They're incredible, and they do
I said, General, I've got myself a problem, general
Because I'm wearing leather bottom shoes which is good if you're walking on flat surfaces
It's not good for ramps and if I fall down, look at all those press back there, look at them
This was a steel ramp, you all saw it because everybody saw it
This was a steel ramp
It had no handrail, it was like an ice skating rink, and I said, General, I have a problem, and he didn't understand that at first
I said, There's no way
He understood, I just saluted almost 600 times
I just made a big speech
I sat for other speeches
I'm being baked
I'm being baked like a cake
I said, General, there's no way I can make it down that ramp without falling on my ass, General
I have no railing
It's true
So I said, Is there like something else around? Sir, the ramp is ready to go
Grab me sir, grab me
I didn't really want to grab him
You know why? Because I said, That will be a story too
So now I have a choice
I can stay up there for another couple of hours and wait till I'm rescued or I can go down this really steep, really, really, really  It's an ice skating rink, it's brutal
So I said, General, get ready because I may grab you so fast
Because I can't fall with the fake news watching
If I fall, if I fall, I remember when President Ford fell out of the plane, do you remember? I remember when another president, nice man, threw up in Japan, and they did slow motion replays
It's true, right? I don't want that, general
Now he's standing there, big strong guy, and he's got these shoes but they're loaded with rubber on the bottom because I looked, the first thing I did, I looked at his shoes
Then I looked at mine
Very, very slippery
So I end up saying, Okay, general, let's go
I will only grab you if I need you
That's not a good story
Falling would be a disaster
It turned out to be worse than anything, I would have been better off if I fell and slid down the damn ramp
Right? So what happens is I start the journey, inch by inch, right? I was really bent over too
I didn't like that
I didn't like this picture
This picture I'm sure will be an ad by the fakers
So I was bent over, right? Bent over like this
Then we finally reached almost the end and the fake news, the most dishonest human beings, they cut it off
You know why? Because when I was 10 feet short, I said, General, I'm sorry, and I ran down the rest, right? I looked very handsome
That was the only good
I wouldn't want to run down the whole thing because the fall there would be definitely bad
So I took these little steps, I ran down the last 10, and by the way their tape, take a look
In almost every instance, it ends just before I run, and they said, Here was the number one trending story
I call my wife, I said, How good was that speech? I thought it was a  Hey look, I will tell you when I make good ones and bad ones
Like so far tonight, I'm average, but we're having fun, we're having fun
So far tonight, but I call my wife and I said, How good was it, darling? She said, You're trending number one
I said to our great first lady, I said, Let me ask you a question
Was it that good of a speech that I'm trending number one? Because I felt it was really good
No no, they don't even mention the speech
They mention the fact that you may have Parkinson's disease
It's true
It's true
It's true
They say there is something wrong with our president
I'll let you know if there's something wrong, okay? I'll let you know if there's something, I'll tell you what, there's something wrong with Biden, that I could tell you
So then my wife said, Well it wasn't only the ramp
Did you have water? I said, Yeah
I was speaking for a long time
I didn't want to drink it, but I wanted to wet my lips a little bit
You're drinking, you're working hard up there with the sun pouring down on you
I love this location, the sun's like this
This way they save on lighting, right? That's why they did it probably
So what happens is I said, What does it have to do with water? They said, You couldn't lift your hand up to your mouth with water
I said, I just saluted 600 times like this, and this was before I saluted, so what's the problem? She said, Well I know what you did
You had on a very good red tie that's sort of expensive
It's silk because they look better
They have a better sheen to them
And I don't want to get water on the tie, and I don't want to drink much, so I lift it up, the water
It's so unfair
It really is
So unfair
They are among the most dishonest people anywhere on earth
They're bad people
Bad people
Okay, that's enough of that
I wanted to tell that story
Does everybody understand that story? The left-wing anarchists tore down a statue of Thomas Jefferson
Now we're getting into the real stuff
They decapitated a statue of Christopher Columbus, except in New York when the Italians surrounded it
They didn't have too much of a chance
Those Italians, I love the Italians
They heard they were going to rip down their beautiful Christopher Columbus and all of a sudden they circle that thing
They didn't do too well in hurting Christopher, did they? Thank you to our Italian population, we're very proud of you, right? Two days ago, leftist radicals in Portland, Oregon ripped down a statue of George Washington and wrapped it in an American flag and set the American flag on fire
Democrat, all Democrat
Everything I tell you is Democrat and you know we ought to do something, Mr
Senators, we have two great senators, we ought to come up with legislation that if you burn the American flag, you go to jail for one year
One year
Jim and James
Jim and James
We ought to do it
You know they talk about freedom of speech and I'm a big believer in freedom of speech, but that's desecration, that's a terrible thing they do
We used to have things, we don't have them anymore because we want to be so open, so everything, and look what happens? We should have legislation that if somebody wants to burn the American flag and stomp on it or just burn it, they go to jail for one year, okay? In Seattle the Democrat mayor and the Democrat city council have surrendered control of six city blocks to an anarchist  Now these are anarchists, these are not protestors
You listen to the fake news, they say, Oh, the protesters were lovely
Could you imagine if people just even slightly to the right tried to take over Seattle? They'd have machine guns out to get them, but these people can take over the city, look at what they've done to businesspeople that have spent years and years building their business, and now they're wiped out
Take it away
Governor Inslee ought to get his act together, get in there, I'll help you, I'll do whatever you want
I'm waiting for a call, I would love to do it
I would love to do it, it'll take less than an hour and it'll all be over with and you'll have your city back
Yet Biden remains silent in his basement in the face of this brutal assault on our nation and the values of our nation
Joe Biden has surrendered to his party and to the left-wing mob
He has no control
Does anybody honestly think he controls these radial maniacs? You know what he says to his wife when he's not confusing her with his sister? Get me the hell out of there
These people are crazy
That's what he says
He has absolutely no control
You know a lot of times I'll make like a speech and I'll have this beautiful paragraph come out criticizing every little aspect of the speech, beautiful, brilliant, but Joe didn't  It'll say, A comment from Joe Biden, but he didn't say it
Professional people, great students in English lit, people that are very smart say it
Joe Biden said, and they'll go into this highly complex paragraph, beautifully worded and I say, Joe didn't say that
Joe doesn't even understand it
wait a minute, Air Force One is 31 years old
People don't realize that
So I said, they gave me a charge, very early in my administration like how about the first week? Sir, would you sign for this plane? Now it's actually two planes
Would you sign for this plane? Air Force One? I said, How old is the original or the one we have now? Sir, it's 31, 32 years
I'd see people coming in from foreign lands that can't compete with us, rich countries but they can't compete with the  They have a brand new beautiful 747-800, and I say, Wait a minute
That country has new and we have a 31-year, so somebody had to do 
This was the Boeing before that and they were riding high, like I was before this thing came in, but we're still riding high because you know what? On November 3 we're going to win
We're going to win
So they came in and they came in and they said, No no no, we want $5
6 billion, whatever it was
Whatever it was, if I'm a little bit off they'll go crazy
Whatever, but it was a lot
$5
6 billion
Nope, got to have a three
Got to have a three, call me up
Nope, cancel the contract
I said, Cancel the contract
I want it canceled
I said, General, can you cancel the contract? He said, Yes sir, I'm very proud of it
Oh good
Cancel it
Okay sir
By the way, to cancel it, do you have to pay anything? Yes sir
We have a cancellation fee sir
How much is it, general? $250 million
I said, What? Sir, we made a good deal
$250 million to kill
You mean if we don't buy the plane we have to hand them $250 million
That's not good, right? Look at these two guys, they're looking
By the way, that's like a good story compared to some I could tell you, like with aircraft carriers
So they said, $250 million? Or I always say this, or around that number, because if I'm off by a little bit, they say, Oh, he exaggerates
I look at numbers all day long
That's what I look at for years now, for my whole life when you think of it
$250 million cancellation fee, sir
He was very proud of himself
What a great  I say, General
Don't cancel
Don't cancel
Just tell them I don't want the planes
Don't put anything in writing, don't put it in writing, general
Why sir? Because I don't want to pay 250
True
You hear that Jim? Jim Inhofe, he's great
You hear that Jim? You know that story
He does a great job
So here's what happened, the bottom line
Boeing says, No way, no way, no way
The next week they say, No way we're doing it
The next week they said, How about $5 billion? I said, No way
No way
The next week they said, $4
8
I said, Nope
It's got to have a 3 at the front of it
Don't you understand, you dumb son of a bitch? Don't you understand? I turned out to be right
Turned out to be right
Nobody gets that
Nope
Got to have a three
Next day, they come back, $4
5 is our best offer
Nope
I'm not doing it
I'm not doing it
Come back when you're ready
A month goes by, another month, they never heard about it, they never heard from me, they thought I was serious, I was, and they came back at $4 billion
That's a lot of money but I save like a billion six or a billion seven
Nobody wants to talk about it
Nobody wants to talk about it
When I get foreign nations to pay us billions and billions of dollars, nobody wants to talk about that
When I take soldiers out of countries because they're not treating us properly, Germany is an example
I mean I have a German heritage like some of you
I said, Let's get it down from $50,000
00 to $25,000
00 because they're delinquent
For many years they're delinquent
They haven't been paying what they're supposed to be paying
They're paying 1% instead of 2% and 2% is a very low number, and they say, Yes, we think by And they say, yes, we think by 2030, maybe 2032, we could get current
I said, No, Angela, please
Don't say that Angela
It's true
You know who I'm talking about
By the way, very nice woman
Very good negotiator
I said, Angela, that's a long time, this was in 2019
She said 2032
I said, No Angela, that's not working
But I said, because now they want to get cared, but I said, Well, what about the last 25 years? All the money you owe us? Everybody forgot about that
They forget about all the money that wasn't paid
I said, What about the trillion dollars that you really owe? So we're negotiating let's see, but in the meantime, we're reducing our troops
Remember this, we're supposed to protect Germany from Russia, but Germany is paying Russia, billions of dollars for energy coming from a brand new pipeline
So they pay the country we're supposed to protect them from, they pay billions of dollars to that country
We're supposed to protect them
Excuse me, how does that work? And the great thing is with Jim Inhofe and with James Lankford, likewise, they just said they love you James
When they hear it, they get it
A lot of people don't get it
They get it
We cannot continue to be ripped off
We're ripped off by so many countries and we're stopping it
And that means that a lot of people don't want me here
They don't want me
There are a lot of people that don't want me
They don't sell a lot of bombs when we're not dropping bombs on people
You know that, right? It's called the military industrial complex
When rioting and looting broke out in our nation's Capitol, I very quickly deployed the National Guard
I said, Get them in
After watching for an evening or two, we stopped the violence and restored peace and order to the streets
And last night that had a little breakout
Again, they ripped down a statue that was 110 years old, beautiful piece of art in front of the police precinct with our radical left mayor watching on television
We're not happy
That's going to be very expensive for DC
They're always looking for money
We need more money
We always need more money
And then they don't do the proper job
So it's not going to be good for Mayor Bowser, Mayor Bowser there
They were heading over to the Jefferson Memorial recently and they wanted to do damage to our great, beautiful Jefferson Memorial
Not going to happen
Don't worry about it
We have it surrounded with very strong people
The choice in 220 is very simple
Do you want to bow before the left wing mob? Or do you want to stand up tall and proud as Americans
And explain this to the NFL
I like the NFL
I like Roger Goodell, but I didn't like what he said a week ago
I said, Where did that come from in the middle of the summer? Nobody's even asking? We will never kneel to our national anthem or our great American flag
We will stand proud and we will stand tall
I thought we won that battle with the NFL
The stadiums were emptying out
Did you see those stadiums? It took them a long time to get you back
A lot of people didn't like that
A lot of people that you wouldn't even think would care that much
I've had people that I said, These are super left liberals and they didn't like it
Joe Biden and the Democrats want to prosecute Americans for going to church, but not for burning a church
They believe you can riot, vandalize and destroy, but you cannot attend a peaceful pro-America rally
They want to punish your thought, but not their violent crimes
They want to abolish bail, abolish and open up your borders
They want open borders, let everyone, and by the way, we're doing so well
We have a record this month on the borders
Nobody's coming in
Very few people
And they want to abolish ICE, our great people from ICE who send the roughest toughest, meanest people that you've ever seen or ever heard
Generally speaking, when they have lots of tattoos on their face, they're not looking to do you much help
ICE, they're rough guys
they're great Americans, but they'll walk into, they caught them in a pack
They'll walk into a pack of tough MS-13 gang members
And we shouldn't say this, it's not nice
They want us to negotiate
They start swinging
And the other such way, everybody's swinging, at the end, they carry them back and they throw them into the paddy wagon
They're great
And these people want to get rid of ICE
They get rid of murderers
They get rid of rapists
They get rid of the worst scum on earth
And when I called them animals, I said, They're animals
And Nancy Pelosi, they cut up a young woman
They cut up a young woman and her friend, cut them up with a knife because it was more painful
Dead
Cut them up with a knife because it's more painful
It takes longer than shooting a gun
They cut them up
I said, These are animals
And Nancy Pelosi said, These are human beings
They're not animals
If I lose an election over that, you know what? This country is in big trouble
They want to disarm law, abiding citizens and dismantle our police forces while freeing vicious MS-13 gang members
In Joe Biden's America, rioters, looters, and criminal aliens have more rights than law abiding citizens
And that's true
In my administration, we defend American citizens and we deport MS-13 members or put them in jail if we have to
The chaos you're seeing in our democratic run cities, these are all run by the Democrats, is what will happen in every city and community and America, and much, much worse if we don't keep them out
We have to do this
We have to go to the polls on November 3rd and the rest of you know what to do
You know what to do
Got to keep the White House
Joe Biden's record can be summed up as four decades of betrayal, calamity, and failure
He never did anything
He was a Senator
He was a Vice President
He was before that something
You know what's great? President
Trump was tough on this or he was tough
They complained, never did anything about it
He's been there for 43 years or 47 years
He never did anything about it
Biden's supported every globalist attack on the American worker let's make every country of the world rich but ourselves, including NAFTA, the disaster of NAFTA
He wanted to go and TPP would have ruined our automobile industry
Korea, I renegotiated the deal
I took a horrible deal
That was a Hillary Clinton special
That was a Hillary Clinton special
She said, We have to make this deal with South Korea
It's going to mean 250,000 jobs
And she was right for South Korea, 250,000
And China's entry into the World Trade Organization was supported by sleepy Joe Biden
That was one of the worst deals economically in the history of our country
When China joined the World Trade Organization, they were flat line for decades
They became like a rocket ship
He voted for the war in Iraq
He voted for mass amnesty for illegal aliens
He supports sanctuary cities and now Biden wants to end immigration enforcement and he wants to require you to provide free healthcare for millions and millions of illegal aliens
When I took early and decisive action to ban travel from China and protect Americans from the virus
And as I said, Joe Biden, opposed my decision and called it hysteria, xenophobia
He doesn't know what the word means, xenophobia and fear-mongering
And then he apologized a month later
He said he was wrong, but he didn't say it
And they didn't cover it
They didn't cover it
On one of the single most important policy decisions of our lifetime, Joe Biden sided with China over America, that's closing the border
He thought it was a terrible thing
Remember, this was in January
That's early, real, early, the end of January
He thought it was a terrible thing
When we close the border
Too many people that were badly infected with COVID
When the chips are down, Biden will always cave to the radical left
He'll always bow to the angry mob and he will never protect you or your family and you know that
Joe Biden will always let you down
That's been his history
At my direction early this year, the heroes of the U
S
military took out the world's top terrorist, the savage killer leader of ISIS al-Baghdadi and the number one terrorist, anywhere in the world, Qasem Soleimani
We took them out
Joe Biden opposed killing Soleimani
He was vehemently We killed this number one, terrorist
He didn't like it
You know why he didn't like it? Because he thought it would be good politically, that didn't work out too well
Just as he opposed the raid that killed Osama bin Laden
He opposed it, you know that
Biden is always on the wrong side of history, as said by people that are with him and worked with him
He never made a correct foreign policy decision
Biden is a puppet for China
Son walked out with 1
5 billion
I think it's a little bit Allowing them to rip off America for many years
Now they're paying us billions and billions of dollars
We give a lot of it to our farmers
We have plenty leftover
China is not exactly happy with me
They pay us billions and billions of dollars
And they targeted our great farmers
And I took the money that they targeted, I took that money and I gave it to the farmers
So they were even so they're okay
Are you okay? Come, Doctor, please
Doctor
Thank you
These people some of the people are waiting for five days, especially in this location
You take your time, darling, take your time
Thank you very much
Take your time
Doctor, thank you, doctor
Some people wait for four or five days
That's incredible
He never did anything against China, Joe Biden
And that's why they desperately want him to win
They want him to win so badly
Iran wants him to win so badly
Let me tell you, I'm going to make a very fast deal
The best deal you've ever seen
I've already made one with China, but I can make even more
They want me to lose because they will own the United States if I lose
Iran
President Obama gave them $150 billion for nothing
I told them
And look what happened to Biden in Ukraine where his son's paid $83,000 a month
And he was jobless
Give me a break
$83,000 a month
More than anybody
If Joe Biden were to become president an emboldened left, will launch a full scale assault on American life
You know that
They'll expel anyone who disagrees with them
Look what happens when you disagree
You use a term that's perfect and they're not happy with it
They call you a racist
They call you a horrible person
They want to crush religious liberty
They don't want religion
Silence religious believers, indoctrinate your children with hateful and vicious lies about our country, subsidize late term abortion and after birth execution
They want to take away your guns through the repeal of your Second Amendment, as sure as you're sitting there
In fact, he even put the big gun grabber, Beto O'Rourke, who made a fool out of himself when he ran for president
They put him in charge of guns
Lots of luck on your Second Amendment
Just remember I said, and hopefully you won't have to think back about it too much, because it won't matter
Hopefully it won't matter
No, Beto O'Rourke who wants to give up guns is in charge of the second amendment
The Dems will also eliminate private health insurance, ban fracking, that's not good, and American energy will be in a position of weakness like it's never been before
And that's after we built the greatest energy country anywhere in the world by far
And they want to appoint Supreme Court justices who will utterly obliterate your Constitution
And you now see how important the Supreme Court is
Think if we didn't have two justices, that I think have been very, very, very good, but think how important it is
Think how important it is
And we still, I guess it's a, I don't know if it's an equal court, it's almost like we're a minority court, right? It's almost like we're a minority court
The recent Supreme Court cases prove that if Joe Biden is elected, he will stack the court with extremists, the forgotten men and women, together with everyone else
We'll lose everything
The forgotten men and women, I campaigned on the forgotten
These are great people
These are substantial people
These are the elite
By the way, you're the elite
They're not the elite
You're the elite
Somebody two days ago said, Sir, the elite are really working hard on trying to destroy you
I said, Yeah, why do you call them the elite, I said, why? Well, they're not elite
I look better than them
Much more handsome
Got better hair than they do
I got nicer properties
I got nicer houses
I got nicer apartments
I got nicer everything
I ran for politics once, just once in my life
And I became President of the United States
And hopefully if you get out and vote, we'll do it one more time
We won't even toy with them about three or four more times
We won't
We'll do it one more time
We'll be two for two
And our country will never, ever be stronger
But I'll be soon announcing a new list of exceptional candidates for the United States Supreme Court
And I'll choose only from that list
A hundred percent, probably 25 incredible people, any one of which could be a great justice, any one of which
And I did it last time and people loved when I did it
And I'll only pick from that list
Biden can't release his list because the names would be too extreme, too radical
They wouldn't be acceptable, but they will be very radical people
People don't understand, but we actually won on DACA yesterday
We actually won because they basically said, You won, but you have to come back and redo it
It's almost like, Gee, come on back, your paperwork was no good
But we're going to be refiling, but don't let it get you
Everything's going to work out really good
Everything's going to work out good
It was a great, it was great
I mean, would have been nice if we won
And Everybody said, Oh, you're going to win DACA
You're going to win DACA
That's easy
You got to win DACA
That's easy
They all said it
And they came back and they said, We don't like what you did with your paperwork, essentially
So we're re-filing it
Most people would say we lost
We didn't lose
We're going to refile it
And everything is going to work out for the young people
Most of whom aren't so young anymore, by the way
But we're going to work it out for everybody
Biden is fully controlled by the fringe of his party
He is their pawn
He doesn't even know where the hell he is
Let's face it
He installed socialist Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez
To be in charge of his environmental policy and his energy
Energy, you can forget petroleum
How does Oklahoma feel about being petroleum free? Not good, right? Our country will have no energy
Our country will have nothing
Oklahoma, Texas, North Dakota, and many others will all be out of business
I don't think that's going to work out too well, but she's actually in charge of environmental policy
And you know what that means
She doesn't even want to win
She doesn't want those bird killing machines that go round and round
You want to see a lot of birds that are dead? Go under a windmill sometime
She wants us to go back to the stone ages because she's got no sense, no credentials
She's got a little charisma, not much, but she doesn't have a clue
You know it
But she's in charge of the environment
No airplanes
We can forget Boeing, I guess, come to think of it
We talked about Boeing
We could forget Boeing
Let's cancel those brand new Air Force Ones
Likewise, Representative Ilhan Omar is going to be very much involved in a Biden government
They will put this hate filled America, bashing socialist, front and center in deciding the fate of your family and deciding the fate of your country
I don't think she would like to make the government of our country just like the country from where she came, Somalia
No government, no safety, no police, no nothing
Just anarchy
And now she's telling us how to run our country
No thank you
And I think we're going to have a big victory in the state of Minnesota, because they've had it
They've had it
Biden is a very willing Trojan horse for socialism
When Biden first ran for president over 33 years ago, remember I used to call him 1% Joe, he never got more than 1% until Obama took him off the trash heap
But he blatantly copied the speech of a British politician, even ripping off the man's personal biography and family history and claiming it was his own
He forgot to say he was born in America
Joe Biden is a shameless hypocrite
Since 2003, he has delivered fawning eulogies to the funeral
And at those funerals of three leading supporters of segregation, including a former member of the KKK, and yet Biden is now smearing as racist, tens of millions of people like yourselves
Decent, hardworking Americans who he's never met
And he frankly probably doesn't want to meet
America should not take lectures on racial justice from Joe Biden
Sleepy Joe
A man who praised and partnered with segregationists, shift millions of black American jobs overseas, and everyone else's jobs too by the way
If I didn't come along, we're building auto plants, we're building everything
And there's never been a comeback like we're making right now
Never been
He hollowed out our middle class, including our black middle class with open borders
Trapped young children in failing government schools, built cages
Those cages were built by Obama and Biden
Look it up, 2014
And the fake news doesn't wanted to Remember the picture of the cage? A cage for children
Remember the picture of the cage
And they said President Trump
And then they realized that was at a newspaper, 2014, the same Built by Obama and Biden, the cages
And they don't- And they don't want to report the way it is
They know the way it is
They're not stupid
They sent young boys to fight in Iraq while the inner cities crumble, helped the big banks while hammering community leaders, and made our cities less safe and secure for all
They've done a terrible job and they shouldn't be awarded
They should not get rewarded with an election victory on November 3rd, that shouldn't happen
It'll destroy this country
Our country will be destroyed
We've all worked too hard
They don't know what the hell they're doing
Some do actually, but in a very sinister way
Virtually every policy that has hurt black Americans for half a century, Joe Biden has supported or enacted
I've done more for the black community in four years than Joe Biden has done in 47 years
Racial justice begins with Joe Biden's retirement from public life
We are joined tonight by many outstanding Republican leaders
These are great people
We have two of our most distinguished, hardworking, wonderful friends, senators
They do a great job
Senator Jim Inhofe and James Lankford, please stand up
Two very respected, I will tell you, two very respected people in Washington
They're respected by everybody
They do some job, and I'd have you come up, but you can relax
I will say this
Jim is running on November 3rd, Jim Inhofe
He's running on November 3rd
I don't even know
Does he Hey, James? Does he have any competition? Is somebody actually running against There's no competition that he's got
I know he's got James' support
He's got my support
I give him 100% endorsement
Jim Inhofe
I'd give it to James too, but he's not running this time
Thank you
Jim, great job
Thank you very much
What a great Senator he is
Also here is a man who's respected by so many
He's a little bit right of the people we've been talking about tonight
Senator Tom Cotton of the great state of Arkansas
Thank you, Tom
They like you people
Thank you, Tom
Great job you're doing
We're glad to be joined as well by a man that I've gotten to know
He's done an incredible job with COVID and with everything else he touches, Governor Kevin Stitt
Thank you both
Thank you both for being here
Thank you
Lieutenant Governor Matt Pinnell
Thanks, Matt
Thanks, Matt
And Representatives Frank Lucas, Tom Cole
He's been here for a little while
He's done an incredible job
Markwayne Mullin, you don't want to fight with him
I want to put him and Jim Jordan in a match together, I want to
Kevin Hern, great job today, Kevin
The great Jim Jordan, Jim Jordan
Elise Stefanik
Lee Zeldin
Tom Emmer
Tom, thank you
These are warriors, folks
These are great warriors
During the fake impeachment trial, I'll tell you what
There was nobody that could have done the job they've done
That includes the Senate and the House
These people are incredible
David Kustoff
David
A great friend of mine
Debbie Lesko, Arizona
Great job, Debbie
Great job
And a man who's got very good genes, Greg Pence
Thank you all
Great job
They're great They are, they're warriors
I'll tell you what
Not every person is, but this group is, and we have a lot of them in Washington, and we'll send Jim Inhofe back, and we'll send all of them
You'll send every one of them
They have to come back because they have been fighting for us, and they've been fighting for you
And they are just incredible, talented, tough, strong people that love your state a lot
So thank you very much
So we built the greatest single economy in the world
And then we say not only the world, but actually in the history of the world, and they never even challenged me
So I guess I'm right
We did it
We had the best numbers anybody's ever had
We have the best employment numbers, African American, Hispanic American, Asian American, the best employment numbers in history, the best stock market numbers in history
We were the envy of the world
Everybody would come in to see me, presidents, prime minister, kings, queens, and dictators
Dictators would even come in to say congratulations on the economy
And then the plague came in, and now what we're doing is we're doing it again
And it's going fast
We have to have a lot of it done because people don't quite get it
We're doing record business
It's happening at a level and a speed that nobody can believe
Two weeks ago, job numbers came in the single biggest number in the history of our country
Last week, retail sales numbers came in, retail sales, the single greatest number in the history of our country
So here's what's going to happen
Here's what's going to happen
They blame a President for anything
When you see looters, even though we put them down, if we didn't stop them, nobody would because the other side will never stop them
But they always blame a President
Here's what's happening
We're going up
We're going up
We're going up
We're going to go up
Then we're going to hit October
We're going to be up
We're going to be way up
We're not going to be where we were, but in many ways, other than all of the horrible, horrible death that was so needlessly caused by a virus that should have been stopped where it originated, which was China
But we're going to go up, up, up, up August, September, October, and people are going to say, Man, this guy is doing a good job
He knows what he's doing
I don't believe the fake news anymore
And you're not going to want to lose your 401k's
And you're not going to want to lose all of that wealth that you've accumulated, whether it's real estate wealth or any wealth you can think because it'll all come tumbling down if these people are put in charge
And if they double and triple and quadruple your taxes, it will be a whole different ball game
So I'm not putting any pressure on anybody, but in the end, we're going to have a phenomenal economy
And next year we're going to have a good third quarter, but next year, and I said it before, will be the single greatest year economically that we've ever had, okay? And if you see that happening, if you see it happening on November 3rd, you don't have the guts to vote against Trump
You, even you, you don't have the guts to vote against Trump
Say, Wait a minute, darling
My 401k is higher than it was the last time
I don't think I want to take a chance
You're not going to want to do that
The stock market has been the best
Think of this, go back one week and go back 50 days
In that 50 day period, it's the strongest 50 days in the history of the stock market, think of it
And your wife or your husband says, Darling, I love you so much
You are such a great investor
And all you did is just keep the same crap you had the first time, right? Darling, I love you so much
You've always been a loser
You've always lost money
But now under President Trump, you're one of the greatest financial minds in our country
And all you did was keep your stock? What's wrong with having these great economic numbers? What's wrong with having to close it down? We saved millions of lives
You know, a lot of people say we should have gone herd, let's go herd
Ask them how are they doing in Brazil
He's a great friend of mine, not good
You heard about Sweden, right? Too much
Ask them how they do it in Sweden
We saved millions of lives, and now it's time to open up, get back to work, okay? Get back to work
I recently signed groundbreaking criminal justice reform
I secured record and permanent funding for historically black colleges and universities
We slashed regulations and passed massive tax cuts to give black workers a pay raise like they've never, ever gotten before and lift up black owned businesses
And I worked closely with a great senator also, friend of theirs, Senator Tim Scott, South Carolina, to create opportunity zones, which are doing incredibly
And since then countless jobs and $100 billion of new investment, not government investment, have poured into 9,000 of our most distressed neighborhoods anywhere in the country
9,000, never happened before
Tim Scott
Today
I'm also announcing that I have directed Secretary of the Interior David Bernhardt to place the John Hope Franklin Reconciliation Park here in Tulsa on the African American Civil Rights Network
So many of my friends have been asking me to do that
So many of my friends, including these great politicians
So we're going to do that
It'll be done very quickly
We will forever remember and honor the courageous people who helped build this state and this country
Democrats are stoking division in order to distract from their decades of failure on schools, jobs, housing, justice, and crime
In major city public schools run by Democrats, over two thirds of students are falling behind in reading and math
And I think the numbers are worse than that
But Democrats would rather deny these children the future they deserve than allow them to attend the charter, public, private, religious, or independent schools of their choice
Pro choice, pro choice
Pro choice for schools
It's very popular, but some people it's like a disaster because what it does to certain unions that have a lot of power over the Democrats, even though they know it's wrong
Republicans believe access to education is a civil right
It's a civil rights
20 of 20 of the most dangerous cities in America are controlled by Democrats
Think of that, 20 of 20
And so is nearly every major city with a child poverty rate that's over 30%
They're controlled by Democrats
We can name every one of them
The murder rate in Baltimore and Detroit is higher than El Salvador, Guatemala, or even Afghanistan
How are they doing, the Democrats running those cities? Your whole country will be like that
In 2018 alone, our police arrested nearly 12,000 people for murder and manslaughter, 25,000 people for rape, and nearly 1
5 million for assault, violent assault
The Democrats' push against our police will drive up crime and drive up costs at levels you'd never believe
Thousands of innocent lives will be lost
As President, I will always support the incredible men and women of law enforcement
A vote for Republicans is a vote for better schools, better jobs, safer families, and stronger communities for all Americans
There is a limit to what we can together achieve with four more years
With your help, we will lift millions of our citizens from welfare to work, dependence to independence, and poverty to prosperity
That's what's happening, that's what's happening
And that was happening at a level that nobody ever thought they'd see, it was happening before this COVID came in
It was happening at a level that nobody believed possible
And then China sent us the plague, thank you very much
We will protect Medicare and Social Security for our great seniors
And we'll always protect patients with pre-existing conditions
Always, always
We will appoint more judges to interpret the Constitution as written
We will end deadly sanctuary cities
We will finish the wall, which has now 212 miles built and beautiful
212 mile
That's a lot of miles
And let me tell you, you think that was an easy one, that was a tough one
That party was totally unified against building the wall
You know, in the end they gave up, you know what happened? They realized it was a bad issue for them because these open borders
I love when they fight for open borders because anybody that wants an open border coming in from rough areas, there's something wrong with those people
So did you notice in the end it was like, Just leave us alone, build your wall, just leave us alone
I said, Thank you very much
And we will elect a Republican Congress to create a fair, safe, sane, and lawful system of immigration that puts American workers first
We will revitalize our cities, and we will build gleaming new roads, bridges, tunnels, and airports all across our land
We will enact new trade deals that result in more products proudly stamped with that beautiful phrase, Made in the USA
It's so beautiful, so beautiful
Made in the USA
That's happening too
We have so many plants coming into Michigan and so many other states
We have car plants coming in would have never come if I wasn't President, would have never come
We will become the world's premier pharmacy, drug store, and medical manufacturer
That's already started
We're bringing it back
We will keep America out of foolish, stupid, ridiculous foreign wars
We will never hesitate to kill America's terrorist enemies
When I took over, ISIS was all over the place, and I did something that I felt we should do
And we have now obliterated, we have now captured 100% of the ISIS caliphate
100, 100
And like our depleted military when I took over, like our empty shelves, medically, when I took over, like all of the things that when I took over, it was a mess, we have done a job
You had to see what ISIS was doing
They were getting bigger, bigger, bigger, bigger, bigger
I came in, smaller, smaller, smaller
Sir, we've just taken 100%
We will launch a new age of American ambition in space
And the United States will be the first nation to land on Mars, good program
You saw the beautiful rocket three weeks ago go up, beautiful
We will defend privacy, free thought, free speech, religious liberty, and the right to keep and bear arms
And when you see those lunatics all over the streets, it's damn nice to have arms
Damn nice
Interesting how all of a sudden people understand it, right? You couldn't sell it
Now people understand it
The right to keep and bear arms, we'll protect your second amendment
Above all, we will never stop fighting for the sacred values that bind us together as one America, we will support, protect, and defend the Constitution of the United States
We uphold the principle of equal justice under the law
We believe in the dignity of work and the sanctity of life
We believe that faith and family, not government and bureaucracy are the true American way
We believe that children should be taught to love our country, honor our history, and always salute our great American flag
And we live by the words of our national motto, it will never change, In God we trust
We stand on the shoulders of American heroes who crossed the oceans, blazed the trails, settled the continent, tamed the wilderness, dug out the Panama Canal, laid down the railroads, revolutionized industries
Won two world wars, defeated fascism and communism, and made America the single greatest nation in the history of the world
And we are making it greater and greater every single day
Proud citizens like you helped build this country, and together we are taking back our country
We are returning the power to you, the American people
With your help, your devotion and your drive, we are going to keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting, and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning
We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God
America will soon be thriving, like never before because, ladies and gentlemen of Oklahoma, the best is yet to come
Together we will make America wealthy again, we will make America strong again, we will make America proud again, we will make America safe again, and we will make America great again
Thank you
Thank you, Oklahoma
Thank you

ell, thank you very much
And hello, Tupelo
This is great to be with you tonight, the great state of Mississippi
The great state of Mississippi, and by the way, the birthplace of a gentleman, not too many people heard of him, Elvis Presley
But to be with thousands of incredible patriots who put their faith in God, family and country
Right? Four days from now, this state will head to the polls and vote to continue our extraordinary progress with your next governor, Republican Tate Reeves
Great guy
Great guy
Under Republican leadership, jobs are booming, confidence is soaring, wages are rising, crime is falling, and our nation is stronger than ever before
We're now an economic powerhouse
We've never been in a position like it
We've rebuilt our military and we have financial strength
And by the way, for those of you with a thing called 401ks, the stock market hit, today, another all-time historic high
Unemployment in Mississippi has reached the lowest rate ever recorded, ever recorded
That's not bad
That's not bad when you're on the debate stage and you say, We have the best economy we've ever had
We have the best military we've ever had, the best unemployment and employment numbers we've ever had
Said, Got the best president we've ever had
Thank you
Thank you
Thank you
Four more years! Four more years! Four more years! Four more years! Four more years! Four more years! Four more years! Thank you very much
And very importantly, we've confirmed more than 158 brand new, beautiful federal judges to uphold our constitution as written
In a very short while, we'll have 182 federal judges
President Obama left us 142
Thank you very much
Thank you very much, President Obama
He left us 142 openings
Can you believe that? You're supposed to leave none when you leave office, but that didn't work out too well
And just days ago, the United States brought the world's number one terrorist leader to justice
We have great military
It was very, very depleted
When I came into office, it was very, very depleted, but it ain't depleted anymore
Yep
al-Baghdadi, the founder and leader Look, you've heard about it for a long time
I kept saying, Where is al-Baghdadi? That's the one I want
Where is he? And then, by the way, the following day, we got number two
I don't know if you read about that
But he was the founder and the leader of ISIS, and he's dead
And Baghdadi, he was a Savage and soulless monster, but his reign of terror is over
American special operators executed a masterful raid that ended his wretched life and punched out his ticket to hell, I guess you could say
He spent his last miserable moments on Earth cowering and trembling and crying in fear of the American warrior that was right there going right up
No enemy stands a chance against the righteous bite of the United States military, and Mississippi loves our military, that I can tell you
And our military loves Mississippi
America is winning again, and America is all, over the world, respected again
It's about time
But while we're creating jobs and killing terrorists, the Democrat party has gone completely insane
The radical left is determined to transform America into a country you would not recognize
We are the ones standing in their way, and we will never get out of their way
It will be easy
From even before we won the election, the far-left Democrats and the fake news media right back there Look at all of them, oh
It's too bad we get such good ratings because if we didn't, they wouldn't be here
Look at how many
It's like the Academy Awards before it failed
Right? And you know why it failed? Because they disrespected us
But the media and the Democrats have been engaged in a corrupt partnership, trying to impose their will and to thwart American democracy by any means necessary
You see what's going on
First, they engineered the Russia hoax
That was a total hoax, the single greatest lies ever foisted upon the American people
Then the Mueller witch hunt, it never ended
With 18 angry Democrats and an unlimited budget, let's go get him
That didn't work out too well, did it? That fizzled
And a lot of bad people along the way
And now corrupt politicians, Nancy Pelosi-  and shifty Adam Schiff, Shifty
And the media are continuing with the deranged impeachment witch hunt
This is one I never thought I'd be involved in
The word impeachment To me, it's a dirty word, not a good word
Totally phony deal
They know it
Everybody knows it, and that's why we've never had greater support than we have right now
It's true
And if you think you have a lot of people in this room, all you have to do is go outside
You'll see a lot more people trying to get in
So if anybody wants to give up your seat, please just walk out
Anybody want to leave? Because there really is
There's no place better to have a rally, to have a good time, and to also, at the same time, be very serious than at a Trump rally, especially on Friday night in Mississippi
We could have done this one on Monday night
I said, Let's do Friday
Right? Yesterday, the Democrats voted to potentially nullify the votes of 63 million Americans, disgracing themselves and bringing shame upon the House of Representatives
They've been plotting to overthrow the election since the moment I won
But the people here that are highly sophisticated, though, long before I won
19 minutes after I took the oath of office, the horrible newspaper, fake, fake, fake Washington Post, declared, The campaign to impeach President Trump has just begun
At least they gave us 19 minutes
Yesterday's vote by the radical Democrats is an attack on democracy itself
But I'll tell you, the Republicans are really strong, the strongest I've ever seen them, the most unified I've ever seen them
Right? The most unified I've ever seen them
The American people are fed up with Democrat lies, hoaxes, and extremism
The Democrats' outrageous conduct has created an angry majority that will vote many do-nothing Democrats out of office in 2020
Make no mistake
They are coming after the Republican party and me because I'm fighting for you
They don't like it
This is different
They've never had anything like this
Well, they've never had an election like 2016 either, have they? They never have
They've never quite figured it out
You're the man
And they know they can't win, so let's try and impeach him
How about that crazy representative, Al Green, right? You know, we got to impeach him because we can't beat him
I don't think so
Right? I don't think so
Al Green, he's another beauty
The Democrats, the media, and the deep state are desperate to stop us
And it's not me, it's us
It's all of us
It's 63 million, but it's much more than 63 million
Much more
And right now, our numbers are higher than they've ever been before
They've never been this high
But they want to stop us because they know we are here, and that's what we're doing, and that's what's taking up so much time
We're draining the swamp in Washington
Nothing terrifies Democrats more than the fact that all of their spying Spying
They actually spied on my campaign
Can you believe it? I mean, you know, they try and say, Well, we were actually just checking things out
Oh, that's wonderful
The lying, the falsifying over the past three years plus, before I ever even announced they were spying
I guess they knew we were going to win, right? But over that past more than three years is finally being exposed
And remember this, that truth is a force of nature
Desperate to conceal their misdeeds, the Democrats are now attacking us for calling out the grave corruption of the Bidens, just like they melted down when we pointed out crooked Hillary's shocking and very many misdeeds
33,000 emails
33,000 emails disappeared, but she said they only had to do with her working out at her daughter's wedding
33
Lock her up
Lock her up
Lock her up
Lock her up
Lock her up
Lock her up
Lock her up
Lock her up
Lock her up
Lock her up
Lock her up
Lock her up
Lock her up
She's a beauty
How about last week? Did you hear? I don't know who Tulsi Gabbard is, but I know one thing
She's not an agent of Russia
And Jill Stein, she's a greenie
That's fine
We love the environment, everybody in this room
You know, right now we have the cleanest air and the cleanest water that we've ever had, and yet we're number one in the world in energy, by far
We took over
But I don't know Jill Stein
She ran last time
I don't know, but I know she's not an agent of Russia
And when Hillary made those statements, two statements, both of them, They work for Russia, they're agents of I said, You know, when she made that statement about me three years ago, it took me two years to get out of that hoax statement
She made it about them
Everybody laughed because of what we proved
But I'll tell you what, these are very bad people
These are very dishonest people, and the media is worse than all of them
But think about the preposterous hoax the Democrats are now trying to peddle
I've just beaten, with no Look, look, we didn't have too much political experience
I did a good job, built lots of buildings all over the place, had great success in show business
Just did one show
It was called The Apprentice, and it was a big success
14 seasons
And when I left, Crazy Arnold took over
It didn't do too well
It was dead
It was dead from the first episode
I saw him, I said, Oh, it's terrible
What have they done to this beautiful show? Arnold? But think of it
I've just beaten, with no political experience, the Clinton dynasty, the Bush dynasty, the President Barack Hussein Obama dynasty
And President Obama worked harder at defeating me than crooked Hillary Clinton did, right? He was all over the place
It's the only time I've actually seen him work hard, when it came to trying to beat Trump
True
True
Remember he said Remember he said, He will not be president? Well, that didn't work out so well
And then they figured they could take us out a different way, very dishonesty, right, with the lying and the spying and the leaking
And we are kicking their ass
I'll tell you
In the delusional Democrat fantasy, I'm now supposed to be afraid of someone called 1% Joe
I used to call him 1% because you could never get 1% in the primaries
Then he got brought out by Obama out of the trash heap, became vice president
But we've now named him Very Slow, Sleepy Joe
Very slow
He's gotten slower and slower
I'm afraid if he gets a nomination, he'll be so slow we'll have the lowest-rated debates in history as opposed to the highest-rated debates in history against crooked Hillary
In fact, I don't even think that Sleepy Joe will get it
But many people are running
So, you know, it's so early
I don't want to talk about their campaign
Oh, did you hear Beto? Beto? Did you hear Beto? Beto
Oh, that poor bastard
Well, poor, pathetic guy
He was pathetic
Remember the arms a-flailing? Remember that? You know, he ran against Ted Cruz
Ted Cruz won
He spent almost 100 million dollars, and Ted Cruz And I helped Ted, and we campaigned together, and it was good
But I used to watch him
Then when he came onto the really big stage, this crazy stage, I noticed he was flailing with the arms, and he was standing on tables
He was standing on countertops
I said, Does he ever stand on the floor and speak? But he's waving his arms and going crazy, and I said, What the hell is he doing? What is he on? And do you remember he made the statement that he was born for this? Anybody that says he was born for this, they're in trouble
I used to have guys come into my office, Sir, I'm the greatest salesman
Nobody can sell You know, the truth is anybody that says they're a great salesman, usually they're not a very good salesman
It's true
It's those sneaky ones in the back that don't talk, that you don't know about
They're the ones
But Beto was nasty, and he said that he was born for it, like he was born from heaven
He came down
And if that's the case, some really bad things happen, because he made a total fool out of himself
And he came out of Texas, the great state of Texas
He came out of Texas, a very hot political property, and he went back as cold as you can be
So he was a nasty guy, but he had a couple of policies that don't work well in the state of Texas
Right? He was against religion
He was against you having a gun
And he was against oil
So you come from Texas, you don't like religion, you don't like oil, and you don't have guns
I don't know
That's not a good combination in the state of Texas
That's not good in Mississippi, either
I don't know it's that good anywhere
Nah, he went back home to Texas, and hopefully we won't be hearing about him for a long time
It's amazing how cold you could get so quickly, but he was a nasty guy
But in the twist Oh, Alabama
Love Alabama
I love Alabama
I love Alabama
It's a great place
But in the very twisted and corrupt world of Adam Schiff, after beating the entire political establishment, and that means Bush and that means Clinton and that means Obama, they have me supposedly saying to myself, Well, let's see
I got a guy named Sleepy Joe Biden
How do I beat him? How do I beat him? How do I beat this guy? He's such a great
Clinton, she was easy
Right? Obama was easy
The Bush dynasty was
But sleepy Joe, I'm worried about, right? So then I said to myself, Gee, I guess there's only one way
Let's call up Ukraine for help
These people are sick
These people are sick
Now, these dishonest people will take the last little sliver and the first little sliver and they'll put it, because they're so damn dishonest, and they'll just say-  Let's use Ukraine for help
That's what they're going to say
And they won't show the laughter, and they won't show the sarcasm, and they won't show the fun because they're the most dishonorable people almost on earth
It's a disgrace
But we say it anyway
And here's the good news
The people get it
So they have a brand new president in Ukraine
Good guy, by the way
And I call a brand new person, a man I have no idea who he is, and I'm on a phone, right? And I know many people are on the phone because when you call the leaders of country, many people listen
And I'm on the phone, and they want me to say to this brand new president, just got there, called to congratulate him, Please, could you help me please? I don't know who he is
I didn't know his name until I looked down the card, I see
And he's a nice guy, and hopefully he's going to root out corruption because Ukraine has tremendous corruption problems
And one of the reasons I held up money, very important, corruption
But the other reason Why isn't Germany and France and UK and all of these European nations that are right there Why aren't they doing things that they're supposed to do? Why is it always the United States? So I made this call, had this wonderful call, and the transcript proves it was, as I said, perfect
It was perfect
It wasn't like almost It was perfect
It was totally appropriate
I made it at the behest of people to say, Could you call and say hello? Now I'm an honest person, anyway
But do you think, when I'm making a call to a newly-elected president of a country, that I would say something improper when I know there are so many people listening on the line? Many people
Whoever the hell wants to listen, they listen, and they have me making some kind of a deal with all these people
And remember, the new president of Ukraine is speaking to the United States of America, the president
I guarantee he's got a lot of people listening, too
These people are sick
 no pressure
They must think we're nuts, to be honest
It's all a phony deal, this whole impeachment scam, to try to undermine the 2020 election and to de-legitimatize one of the greatest elections, maybe the greatest  I mean, let's give George Washington credit, but everybody expected he was going to win, that we've ever had
So my phone call, which was totally perfect and appropriate, and if you want to read the transcript, you see how perfect it was, but they don't quit
But what you should do is take a look at the behavior of Sleepy Joe
So I quote, I said  Let me act like him
I've got to speak really slow though, and  I said, You're not getting a billion
' I looked at them and I said, I'm leaving in six hours
If the prosecutor isn't fired, you're not getting the money
You understand? You're not getting the money
' Then he goes, at the end  I didn't know he had this kind of energy
He goes, Well, son of a bitch, he got fired
You know, in a certain way, I was impressed because, I mean, I didn't think he had the energy, the brain power
It's turned out he doesn't
By the way, he's dropping like a rock
When you're at 1%, there's always a reason
He should be there fairly soon
As you know, the Ukrainian prosecutor that Biden got fired after threatening to withhold, I think it was $1 billion or something in aid, was the prosecutor investigating his son's company, that was paying Hunter Biden, a guy just got thrown out of the Navy  He was paying them millions of dollars, even though, working for an energy company, he had no experience with energy
He knew less about it than this young  How old are you? Six
This young, beautiful person in front of me
Six
And this young six-year-old is smarter, so I think I'd basically go with her
So what is it all about? It's called a payoff, but you know what? The fake news, they apologize
I watched this horrible guy who gets lousy ratings, Anderson Cooper
Well, the hatred, I mean, between him and Fredo
You've got Fredo and  That's Cuomo, Fredo
I call him Fredo, like from the movie
Now I watched Anderson Cooper and I watched him apologize for even asking the question to Biden
The good news is Biden didn't know too much about what the hell he was talking about
Remember Biden said, I don't know these people
I don't know them
I don't know them
 we're dealing with life, right? He never spoke to him
Unfortunately, the next day  In the world of the internet, in the world of smart people  That's why I like Beto, he wasn't smart, couldn't handle it
I told my wife, I said, See, it's not so easy
I told our great First Lady tonight, who people love
They love her
When Beto quit, he quit like a dog
When he quit I said, See, people think this is easy
This isn't easy, but it just worked out that way
But Biden said, I never met the people, never met the gentlemen
Unfortunately, in about 10 seconds, a picture came out where they're playing golf together, but he never met him
So now you'll ask him, he'll say, No, we played around a golf
We were together for three hours
I never mentioned the fact that they're paying my son millions
Oh, no, no, no
 Well, they might be watching us
I guess they do watch us
He used to interview me
He was so nice
Prior to running for politics, he was so nice to me
It was like they were love fests, but I don't want anything to do with him
They were love fests
What a thought
He's weak
He's a weak person, but they're all weak
But let me just tell you something
We need honesty with our media
We need honesty, because the New York Times, the Washington Post  And by the way, I don't know, you probably read it
We threw them out at the White House
We don't show them anymore
If somebody wants to go and buy them; we threw them out
And they came into my office and then I got to get back to this guy
Where's Hunter? Where's Hunter? We had a tee shirt made, Where's Hunter? Where's Hunter? Poor Hunter
He then came out, he did the Morning Show
That was the last we've seen of Hunter
That wasn't good
The morning of his father's very bad debate, but it's, where is Hunter? But before I say the final thing on Hunter and then we put him to rest for a while, we got rid of the Washington Post and the failing New York Times
We got rid of them, right? We don't have them in the White House
I said, No, you could  People can go out and buy them, but we don't  We used to have them stacked up, and I'd go in and I'd see a meeting with my people and they're dealing with China, South Korea, or somebody
And I'd go into these offices; I'd see 10 or 15 of them packed up all over the place, the Washington Post, and the New York Times
I keep trying to figure out who's worse
And one day it's the Times, one day it's the Post
It's like top each other, they're so bad
It's so phony
In my opinion, it's virtually corrupt
I've never seen it
You never have a good story
I mean, even when we got al-Baghdadi, the Washington Post had a story that he was like a great religious cleric
Where did that come from? The other thing, if Obama would have done it  because, look
This guy built ISIS
The caliphate, it was the size physically of Ohio, the state of Ohio, the great state of Ohio
That's a big, lot of land
7 million people, and they were the ones, the orange jumpsuits
I called a lot of the parents after we did this and I talked to them and they were  How can you be happy? But they were so thrilled that we got this animal
They were so thrilled
But you know what? And you know what? We don't do it for  We do it because it's right
That story was a massive story
That was the biggest, maybe the biggest, one of the biggest, ever
Bigger than anything
That story disappeared so fast
Done
And that's okay
I didn't do it for the story
I did it because it's the right thing to do
But if I were a Democrat, they'd be talking about that story for weeks
With me, they don't even want to  They actually played it down
And actually, and I'm happy about this, Conan the dog got more publicity than me
And I'm very happy with that
I'm very  Conan is incredible
And Conan's coming to the White House in a few weeks
But it is true
Did you ever see a story disappear so fast? I mean, if Obama had that story, that thing would be going on for another seven months
They'd be talking about his bravery
Oh, so bravery
But again, 142 judges he gave us
Remember that
How can you be a great  They always say the most important thing a president can do is federal judges
We got two Supreme Courts
Great ones
Great judge
Gorsuch and Kavanaugh, great judges
By the way, did you ever see any human being treated worse than now-Justice Kavanaugh? Did anybody ever? Was any human being by these people, these horrible, horrible people that we have to deal with? Anyway, just to finish
So Hunter then goes to China
Now I'm dealing with China right now
They don't like me too much
They dream about the day when somebody else  And would they like to have  How about this? You give this son, who has zero experience with investing, too, you give him $1
5 billion to invest, meaning he makes millions and millions of dollars, and the biggest guys on Wall Street can't get it
He walks out with $1
5 billion
And then there are other places also, I understand
Folks, it's disgraceful that the press doesn't cover it for what it is
It's a payoff
It's a payoff
And how would you like to have Sleepy Joe, with the son getting all of this money from China, become president and take over the China deal? They are not liking me
They had the worst year that they've had in 57 years
Their supply chain is broken up like scrambled eggs and they want to make a deal because those tariffs have given us millions of dollars and billions now, billions and billions of dollars
We're taking billions and billions of dollars, and you know what we're doing with some of it? Just a small portion, but 100%, they're taking care of  Our farmers got $16 billion last year and $12 billion the year before because they targeted our farmers, because they know the farmers love Trump and Trump loves the farmers
So they targeted them and they brought the $16 billion down to practically nothing
And they thought our farmers would say, Oh, we don't like Trump
They did just the opposite
They said, We know he's doing the right thing because we've been ripped off for so many years
But I said to him, I said to Secretary of Agriculture, Sonny Purdue, a great guy; I said, Sonny, how much did they spend buying our corn and soy beans and all of our agricultural product? He said, Sir, $16 billion
I said, Good, I'll make it up
And we're going to have a lot leftover
So we will have, pretty soon, over $100 billion in money paid into the United States Treasury by a country that never gave us 25 cents
They only took
They only took
So when I said to the farmers, We're going to send you $16 billion, and it's already been sent
And it's been split into $12 billion the year before
I mean, think of that, $28 billion
I said, Compliments of China
And we had a lot left over
Not bad, right? Not bad
You think Obama would do that? I don't think so
You think Hillary would do that? I don't think so
You think Sleepy Joe would do that? I don't think so
He wouldn't know what you're talking about
On Tuesday, the proud people of Mississippi will send Democrats a clear message
It's very important for this reason, as well as the fact that you have a great gentleman in your midst
But you have to reject their extremism and their socialism and their corruption
They're corrupt
Adam Schiff is a corrupt politician
You know when he made that phony speech where he made up a really horrible speech and said that I said it, I said, Oh, I'm going to sue him
They said, Sir, I'm sorry
You can't
He's got total immunity because he made it in Congress
Can you believe this? But here's the good news
At least we have a forum, we have a place we can talk so everyone knows what's going on
A bunch of phony people, but this is why we have to send a signal and why you have to make Tate Reeves your great, new Republican  Right? Republican governor, right? Hey, he's a great guy, too
And all I know is he's loved and respected by your current governor, because Phil is some piece of work
Phil is so confident
I wanted Phil to run for a certain office, then I wanted him to do something
I've tried to get him, but some guys are confident
Phil said, No sir, I've been doing this all my life
I love the people
He built the most beautiful African-American museum
Phil, he's the greatest, but he built the most beautiful  But he's got confidence
And he said, No sir, I'd been doing it
I don't really want to do that
In other words, he said, That's enough
 Oh, we love our police, right? I love our police
We love our police
He'll oppose sanctuary cities, which is just terrible
They're terrible
And Tate will always defend your Second Amendment
So Tate's running against a liberal Democrat named Jim Hood
Now all I know about Jim Hood is he fought very hard to elect crooked Hillary Clinton and Barack Hussein Obama
Isn't that nice? He wanted Obama to win so badly and then he wanted Hillary to win
And that's not the kind of guy we need here
Not in Mississippi
He's supported by extreme leftists like Stacey Abrams, who, by the way went down to defeat in front of a terrific gentlemen from the great state of Georgia, Brian Kemp
And they came in with  Oh, they brought them all
They had President Obama, they had Michelle Obama, they had Oprah Winfrey
They came in, and all he had was Donald Trump, and we won
We won, fairly easily
But Stacey Abrams wants to give illegal aliens the right to vote
Do you believe this? I mean, some of these people, they want to give them education
They want to give them this
They want to give them free healthcare
They want to give these people, that come into our country illegally all benefits, and he opposed our travel ban, which is so important that we won in the United States Supreme Court to keep terrorists the hell out of our country
And Jim Hood went to the United Nations and opposed your right to self-defense
If you don't want a far left Democrat running Mississippi  Wait a minute
How's this guy? I can't believe this is a competitive race
It's embarrassing
I'm talking to Mississippi
I'm talking to Mississippi
I can't believe it
I don't think that he's going to be the right guy
I think the guy that you want is Tate Reeves
He's going to be fantastic
He will be a great, great governor
Tate, come on up
Tate
Thank you, Tate
Tuesday, go out and vote for Tate
He'll never let you down
And don't kid yourself
Your Second Amendment is under attack, but not with him
It's under attack
So we're also joined tonight by a man who is truly, and I've sort of said it a lot, but he's been a great governor and he loves your state
He loves the people of this great state, Governor Phil Bryant
Where's Phil? Come up, Phil
Come up
Oh, he's central casting
Look at him
Come here, Phil
Thank you, Phil
Thank you
Thank you, my Phil
What a job
What a great job
You have to continue that whole thing going forward
So another man who's a warrior is a friend of mine
Whenever there's a problem, he's there
He's always there
He'll be right at the front
He is tough
He is smart
He's brilliant, actually
And he loves this state and he loves you people
Senator Roger Wicker
Roger
Thanks, Roger
Thank you, Roger
And somebody, I'll call her up because, believe it or not, she's running with me
She just ran
I said, Cindy, you just ran
You just won
She said, No, I have to do it again
She's running in 2020
I thought she'd have six years
I said, Cindy, it's only like a year
Cindy Hyde-Smith
She's incredible
She's tough and smart and strong, and she's with us all the way
Cindy Hyde-Smith
 Trent Kelly, Michael Guest
Incredible people
And your next Lieutenant Governor, Delbert Hosemann
Your next Attorney General, Lynn Fitch
Your next Secretary of State, Michael Watson
Great people
Your next State Treasure, David McRae
State Auditor, Shad White
Agriculture Commissioner, Andy Gipson
Insurance Commissioner, Mike Chaney
And former governor, a man that nobody's ever heard of in this room, I'm sure, but the truth is he's a legend in politics and a great guy
He's a great guy, Haley Barbour
 Hourly earnings are up 9% in Mississippi since the election
Under the previous two administrations, we lost 60,000 factories in our country
Under my administration, we've already added nearly 10,000 new factories, and many more are coming in as we speak
To get relief to working families, we passed massive tax cuts on average $2,000 to $2,500 per family, bringing almost $1 trillion back home to our shores
What's happening? You couldn't get the money
The big companies, they couldn't get their money back both bureaucratically and from a tax standpoint
They brought back almost $1 trillion now because of us
All put to work
We slashed the largest number in history of job-killing regulations, and we ended the war on American energy
We are now the number one producer of energy by far anywhere in the world
For decades, you saw corrupt politicians take money from lobbyists to impose catastrophic trade deals
Mississippi lost 40% of all manufacturing jobs after the twin disasters of NAFTA and China's entrance into the World Trade Organization
Two of the worst deals ever made by our country
100,000 Mississippi jobs were wiped away just like that, and that's awful, and a big price to pay for Washington's disloyalty to the American worker
That's what it was
It was disloyalty, stupidity, corruption, lots of reasons
But now you finally have a President who is loyal to you, and I am
I'm a fighter for your jobs, for your wages, your factories, your families, and your dignity
We're stopping China from ripping us off
We're stopping all of these other countries from taking advantage of the United States where we lose our money, we lose our wealth, we lose our jobs, we close our factories
That's not happening anymore
It's reversed
We were the sucker country for years and years, but we are not the sucker country anymore, and they all know it
We're replacing NAFTA  and that was a disaster, NAFTA  with the brand new US, Mexico, Canada agreement if Nancy Pelosi will ever put it up to a vote, which is questionable
Nervous Nancy, she doesn't want to give the people of our country a victory
She's very busy doing other things
Having fun
The USMCA will be a massive victory for Mississippi's farmers and also includes powerful protections for Mississippi auto workers, manufacturers, and everybody else
It's a great agreement
About time we got rid of NAFTA
The do-nothing Democrats need to stop their madness and pass the USMCA right now
The last administration's horrendous Trans-Pacific Partnership would have destroyed the US auto industry, but I proudly, first thing, withdrew from that job-killing calamity
Under our policies, Toyota has just announced a $170 million investment in Mississippi and 400 new jobs at its facility  did you ever hear of this place  Blue Springs
Blue Springs
Before my election, our leaders used the great American middle class as a piggy bank to fund their delusional global projects all over the world
We take care of other people
We take care of other countries, but we don't take care of our own
They knowingly decimated American manufacturing to promote economic growth in foreign countries
They deployed our military to protect  think of this  immensely wealthy nations, subsidizing their welfare states with your money
I ask those wealthy nations now, I respectfully the other day said to the King of Saudi Arabia, King, we're going to help you, but you've got to pay
And he was great
No, he was great
He was great
He said, But nobody has ever asked before
I said, But I'm asking
And billions of dollars will come in, and we're protecting a great ally
We have a country that spends billions and billions of dollars in our country buying military and other things
But we said, You're very wealthy
You have to pay, and they're going to pay
And that's true with many countries by the way
That's true with many countries
They never respected us
They could never believe it
I said to one country  I have great respect for the Prime Minister of Japan
I said to Prime Minister, I said, How did you get away with this for so long? And he looked at me and he couldn't really answer it because how the hell did this happen? We're protecting 94 countries
Ask China, How many countries are you protecting President Xi? And they look at me like, What a stupid question
We protect one
China
You ask President Putin, How many countries are you protecting President Putin? And he looks and he goes, Russia
You ask other countries  we're protecting at least 94
In fact, so many they can't even tell me
I've been trying to get an answer for four months
So many they can't even tell
It's crazy, but it's all beautiful the way it's happening
A lot of good things are happening
But these same politicians poured precious American blood and treasure into the sands of the Middle East while allowing our cities to fall into disrepair and decay
Our failed ruling class believed it was their right to rule over you, to take your money, to take your jobs, to redistribute your wealth all over the globe, wherever they wanted it
But I don't like that
I don't like that
The great sellout has ended, and it ended the day I took the oath of office
That was quite a day
After years of building up foreign nations, we are finally building up our nation
We are finally putting America first
Our policy of never-ending war, regime change and nation-building is being replaced by the clear-eyed pursuit of American interests
It is the job of our military to protect our security, not to be the policemen of the world
Proving the wisdom of this approach, we recently secured a permanent ceasefire in Northern Syria without spilling one drop of American blood
Not one drop
Actually, I have to be honest
One soldier stepped on a nail
That's true
I said, Don't tell the press that because they'll say, but one soldier stepped in a nail
I said, How bad was it? It's okay
I said, Don't mention it please
They always like to mention exactly what happened
You can take it a little bit low key
Stepped on a nail
Not a drop of blood
And we don't have to defend the borders between Turkey and Syria
They've been fighting for 1000 years
But what we do is we did keep the oil, if you don't mind
We kept the oil
We kept the oil
And we'll distribute that oil, we'll help out the Kurds, and we'll help out other people
We'll also help out ourselves if that's okay
Past leaders, foolish military adventures turned far away nations into very, very dangerous war zones
Then they demanded that American citizens accept unlimited migration from those terror-afflicted nations and regions
I don't think so
I don't think so
We did not fight them over there only to invite them over here
We don't want to do that
To protect our communities, my administration restricted migration from terror-prone nations and implemented the toughest ever vetting procedures
Toughest ever that we've ever had
No issue has ever been so horribly discarded by a party as that issue by the Democrats
They want open borders, which mean crime
They want sanctuary cities, which means crime and drugs and death
After bleeding the middle class dry, Democrats threw open our borders to the world, flooding our communities with poisonous drugs and criminal cartels
Republicans believe in strong borders and safe communities
We are now building a wall
We're building it
We're building it
And you think that was easy? The Democrats, they didn't want that wall
I got money for everything, but when it came to the wall, not 25 cents
Not 25 cents
But we gave the military a lot of money and we took it from the military and we took it from here, we took it from there
Or we had to go to court and all of a sudden we start winning cases
We're winning cases now
Winning a lot of cases
But the wall is going up rapidly
It's going up rapidly
And this is a very serious wall
This is the exact everything they wanted
I went to the border patrol, incredible people and ICE
Incredible people, tough people
They love our country
And I said, Give me the specifications for the wall
They said, Well sir, we'd like steel, but would also like concrete and would also like rebar
I said, Well, what do you want? Which one? So I did all three because it's a different form of cutting
You can cut through steel, but you can't through the concrete and then you can't through the hardened rebar
We got it all
And we also need see-through, sir
Got to see who's on the other side
That makes sense, right? Not just concrete
It's more expensive what we're doing, but we're giving and we're building  we should have anywhere from 400 to almost 500 miles of wall built by the end of next year
It's going up fast
In all the right areas
In all the right areas
That was a tough one
And the Army Corps of Engineers is building their hearts out
They're great
Great people
We believe in keeping terrorists and criminals and drug dealers the hell out of our country
And thanks to our tireless efforts on the Southern Border, tough place, illegal crossings have dropped 60% since May, and we are faster than ever securing the Southern Border
And soon it will be, when the wall is completed, secure like it's never been before
And I want to thank the country of Mexico
They right now have 27,000 soldiers on our borders
27,000
You know what that is? And they are keeping people out
And I want to thank the President of Mexico
He's an excellent person, great man
And we appreciate it
And the reason is that our Democrats won't even approve things called loopholes
They're loopholes
That's a horrible name, right? That means it's a loophole
That means you can come in illegally and lots of things
Catch and release
You catch them
Then you've got to release them
By law you've got to release them or they'll arrest the border patrol agent if they don't release
It's crazy
But we could end this in 15 minutes, but they don't want to do it
They don't want to do it
They're obstructionists
They're colluders
And we can't let it happen
That's why you have to go with Tate Reeves
Tate's going to send a big signal, by the way
It's a big signal
It's great for you
He's going to be a great governor
It also sends a big signal to these radical left, crazy Democrats
It's very important that Tate wins
Very important
We're also fighting deadly sanctuary cities with the help of states like Mississippi, which has banned sanctuary cities because Phil Bryant said, We're not going to have them, and Roger Wicker said, We're not going to have them
And Cindy said, We're not going to have them
Democrats' sanctuary cities forced the release of dangerous criminal aliens onto our streets
If you want a governor who will stand proudly with the heroes of ICE  and they are heroes, I wouldn't want their job
MS-13, they walk right into those nests  they call them a nest  and they start swinging
You never saw anything like it
I'll say, You know what? Better you than me
Let's see who would do good
He'd do good
That guy
That guy would do good
Most of you wouldn't do too good
No
I mean, these guys are tough guys and they love our country
Who would do it? They're moving thousands of people from MS-13
These gangs are the worst people
These people, these are not human beings
You know, I said that once before and this crazy Nancy Pelosi said, How dare you say they're not human? You ever see these people? And they slice people up with a knife because it's more painful than using a gun
And then I have to defend myself when I say they're animals
But you know what? I never changed
I didn't say, Oh, I'd like to apologize
I'd like to apologize
Crazy Nancy
And you got to look at her district in San Francisco
She's spending all her time on this crap or this impeachment stuff
Take a look at what's happening to the great city, once, of San Francisco
It's thousands and thousands of tents and drugs and needles and everything you can imagine floating in the streets in the best neighborhoods
Nancy Pelosi, go home and fix your district, Nancy
Go home and fix your district
Go home and fix your district
If you want a governor who will stand proudly with the heroes of ICE and border patrol, vote for Tate Reeves
Tuesday
Got to get out
You got to get out
Got to send the signal
Let it be a big victory too
The Democrat party has never been more extreme, you know that, than it is today
The Democrat healthcare agenda would obliterate Medicare
I will always protect Medicare for our seniors, and we will always protect patients with preexisting conditions
Always
We'll always take care of them
Virtually every Democrat also now supports late-term abortion, ripping babies straight from the mother's womb right up until the moment of birth
Well, the governor of Virginia executed a baby
Remember that whole thing
After birth, after birth
Some people never heard of it
He said the baby is born and then he starts talking to the mother
Nobody ever heard that
That is why I've asked Congress to prohibit extreme late-term abortion because Republicans believe that every child is a sacred gift from God
Democrats are now the party of high taxes, high crime, open borders, late-term abortion, socialism, and blatant corruption
The Republican party is the party of the American worker, the American family, the American dream
Nobody has done more for the African American community than the Republican party
And we're also the party of Abraham Lincoln
We can't forget that
People forget
Abraham Lincoln
Honest Abe
To lift up distressed communities, we created opportunities zones
So incredible
So successful
Including 100 new opportunity zones right now in Mississippi where money is now flowing in to build and to fix
And Tim Scott, I give him so much credit from the great state of South Carolina choices
They can go out, get a doctor, we pay the bill, and they don't have to wait six weeks, four weeks, two weeks
We had people waiting in line
They weren't very sick
By the time they saw the doctor, they were terminally ill
Now they go on and they go and they go outside and they find a doctor and we take care of our great veterans
The great rebuilding of the American Armed Forces has included massive investments in the military and facilities in Biloxi and Gulfport and Jackson and Starkville
And Roger has been fantastic
And Cindy Hyde-Smith has been fantastic
Thank you
Thank you
Thank you
To protect America's security, I withdrew the United States from the horrible one-sided Iran nuclear deal
It's not the same country anymore
Nothing's easy, but it's not the same
And I recognized Israel's true capital and opened the American Embassy in Jerusalem
For years you watch as your politicians apologize for America
Now you have a President who is standing up for America, and we are standing up for the people of Mississippi
The next step to victory begins on Tuesday right here in your great state
With your support we will show the corrupt Democrats that the American people are not ever going to back down from perhaps the greatest victory in political history
And you know today with the new stock market at an all-time high, it's  I will tell you something  if we didn't win this election, that stock market would be in one-half
It was heading in the wrong direction
It was going to fail
And if they ever did anything bad, if they ever do anything bad to us, if they ever succeed in their wildest dream, which will never let them happen, that stock market will crash like you've never seen a crash before
And you will not be happy with your 401ks like you're happy right now because they don't know what they're doing
They don't know what they're doing
And I'd like to speak well, but the leadership, they have no clue
They're just very vicious people
Actually, they're sort of mentally violent people, but we've got it under control
It always helps when you didn't do anything wrong
I always say, How do you impeach a President who didn't do anything wrong? So we're going to send a signal by sending a terrific new Republican governor to Jackson
On Tuesday, you're going to get out and you're going to vote, and you're going to give up whatever you have to give up
You're going to leave work maybe a little early or maybe get there a little late
Tell your boss I said it was okay
I will give you a pardon if I have to
I'll give you a one-hour pardon
But with your help, we will lift millions more of our great citizens from welfare to work, dependence to independence and poverty to prosperity
Together we will elect a Republican Congress to create a fair, safe, sane, and lawful system of immigration
And you have great congressmen here and I'll tell you, I want to appreciate it, fellas
Warriors, you're warriors
You are warriors
What was it? 196 for and nothing against, right? That doesn't happen with Republicans
It doesn't happen
I always complain
I always say the Democrats are lousy politicians
They have lousy policies
Open borders, sanctuary cities, but they have one thing
They stick together and they're vicious
The Republicans have great policy
In many ways they're better politicians, but they're not as vicious
Thank you, darling
I appreciate it
They're not as vicious, but they have a tendency to split apart
The Democrats don't seem to have any Mitt Romneys
We do
We do
I don't know
Maybe he'll get better
Maybe he'll get better
We'll see
We'll see what happens
Maybe he'll get better
Just let it be fair, but they don't have that
We will enact trade deals that result in more products proudly stamped with those beautiful, beautiful words, Made in the USA
' Made in America
We will achieve new breakthroughs in science and medicine, finding new cures for childhood cancer and ending the AIDS epidemic in America
Can you believe that? Within 10 years it will be over
When they told me that, I said, That's incredible
We're going to end the AIDS epidemic within 10 years
It's funded
Nobody would have thought we could do that, but we're doing it
We'll have it ended in America in 10 years
The AIDS epidemic
Who would've thought? We will defend privacy, free speech, free assembly, religious liberty, and the right to keep and bear arms
Above all, we will never stop fighting for the sacred values that bind us together as one America
We support, protect and defend the Constitution of the United States
We stand with the incredible heroes of law enforcement
We believe in the dignity of work and the sanctity of life
We believe that faith and family, not government and bureaucracy, are the true American way
We believe that children should be taught to love our country, honor our history, and to always respect our great American flag
And we live by the words of our national motto and we always will
You'll never see it disappear
In God We Trust
We stand on the shoulders of American Patriots who crossed the oceans, settled the continent, tamed the wilderness, dug out the Panama Canal, laid down the railroads, revolutionized industry, pioneered technology, won two World Wars, defeated fascism and communism and made America the single greatest nation in the history of the world
And today it's greater than ever before
Proud citizens like you helped build this country, and together we are taking back our country
That's what we're doing
That's what happened in 2016
We are returning power to you, the American people
With your help, your devotion and your drive, we are going to keep on working
We are going to keep on fighting
And we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning
We'll get so tired of winning
I don't know, Mississippi
You're winning
You had the best year you've ever had
You have the best, Mississippi, the best year you've ever had in the history of our country
Mississippi
Your statistic
Mississippi, aren't you getting tired of winning? I guess not
So Phil doesn't come to me and say, Sir, please, we're willing too much
The people of Mississippi can't take it anymore
I don't think you'll ever have to make that trip
I don't think he's ever going to have to, and I don't think Tate will ever have to make that trip
We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God
America is thriving like never before
And ladies and gentlemen of Mississippi, the best is yet to come
Because together we will make America wealthy again
We will make America strong again
We will make America proud again
We will make America safe again
And we will make America great again
Thank you, Mississippi
Thank you

Thank you
Thank you
I love New Jersey and I'm thrilled to be back right here in the Garden State
Thank you
The Garden State
Together we're achieving historic victories for New Jersey families
You see it every single day
The New Jersey unemployment rate has reached the lowest of all time
More people are working today in the state of New Jersey than ever before
I have to tell you more people, almost 160 million, are working right now in the United States
That's the highest level of employment in the history of our country
A lot of countries aren't doing so well, just so you understand
Tomorrow we will replace the NAFTA nightmare, one of the worst trade deals ever in history, with the incredible brand new US-Mexico-Canada Agreement, the USMCA
A massive win for New Jersey workers, New Jersey farmers, New Jersey union people, New Jersey manufacturers and everybody
Weeks ago we also signed a fantastic new trade agreement with China that will boost New Jersey exports and defend New Jersey jobs
$250 billion coming in
Oh that's going to be so nice
We're restoring America's industrial might like never before
They're all coming back
They want to be where the action is
After years of devastating defense cuts we have fully rebuilt the United States military
Thanks to the incredible courage of our warriors, the greatest warriors in the world, the ISIS caliphate has been totally destroyed and its savage founder, and leader, al-Baghdadi is dead
Weeks ago, at my direction, the US military launched a flawless precision strike that killed the world's number one terrorist Qasem Soleimani
Soleimani was responsible for murdering and wounding thousands of Americans, and actively planning new attacks, but we stopped him cold
Yet Washington Democrats, like crazy Bernie Sanders and nervous Nancy Pelosi, they opposed our action to save American lives
They oppose it
They oppose it
You know the roadside bombs that you see hurting our people and lots of other people so badly? The legs, the arms, wiped out
No legs, no arms
Soleimani loved that
That was his weapon of choice
We didn't like him
He's not around anymore
Well we are creating jobs and killing terrorists the Congressional Democrats are obsessed with demented hoaxes, crazy witch hunts, and deranged partisan crusades
It's all they know how to do
The do nothing Democrats
They have spent the last three years, and probably even before I came down on that beautiful escalator with our beautiful future first lady, trying to overthrow the last election
We will make sure that they face another crushing defeat in the next election
We are going to have a victory that's even greater than 2016
This November we are going to win back the House, we are going to hold the Senate, and we are going to keep The White House
The American people are disgusted by the Washington Democrat  You see it
You see it
Which is worse, the impeachment hoax or the witch hunts from Russia? But we're going to be signing up millions and millions of registered Independents, Democrat voters
Today I had the best polls that I've ever had since being elected
The best we've ever had
Remember I used to go over polls? But I only used to talk about them when I was doing well otherwise I wouldn't
We had our best polls
Americans of all political beliefs are sick and tired of the radical rage filled left Socialists
I never saw anything  What's going on in this country  What's going on in this country, really the Democrat party is the Socialist party and maybe worse
Voters are making a mass exodus from that party and we are welcoming them to the Republican party with wide open arms
The Republican party is doing great
We are privileged to be joined tonight by a courageous leader who left the Democrat party because he has had enough of their extremism, enough of their Socialism, and enough of their vile hoaxes and scams
He's had enough
I tell you he really is, he's a brave guy
He just said,  I'm not doing it
I'm not doing it
It's a hoax, it's a scam, I'm not doing it
We called him, You're our kind of guy
Let's go
It didn't take much because he believes like we do
We are truly honored to be here with the newest Republican member of the House of Representatives, your great congressman, Jeff Van Drew
I have to tell you a few weeks ago Jeff was one of the few brave and principled Democrat lawmakers, in all fairness we've been after him for a longtime, who stood up to the House Democrats and the outrageous abusive power that you see going on right now
They can't win an election so they're trying to steal an election
It's not happening folks
It's not happening
Jeff had the guts to defy the left-wing fanatics in his own party, and to stand tall in defense of our constitution, our freedom, and democracy itself
I just want to  I have to tell you, I've gotten to know him really well over the last couple of weeks
He's a great guy, he's a brave guy, he shares our values
He supports lower taxes, not bad
They want to raise your taxes
How did that work Jeff? How did you get elected with that one? Less regulation, a strong national defense
He loves our military, loves our vets, and police
He is a tireless champion for the state of New Jersey
He loves your second amendment, which is under siege by the Democrats
Jeff, it's an honor to be with you
Please, please
Thank you
Thank you man
We have tens of thousands of people outside
If anybody would like to give them your place please let us know, but we have thousands and thousands
Tens of thousands
Jeff gave me a number, he said, 175,000 people signed up
Is that a fact? 175? I think he's on his way
I think he's on his way
Thank you Jeff, great job
Thank you Jeff
Thank you Jeff
It's been a little bit of a story
You see the fakers back there? Fake news
Fake
You know if another candidate has 1,000 people they say he spoke to a massive crowd
If they have 10,000, like Pocahontas went into Central Park in New York
This young men could have 10,000 people, you know that, in Central Park
She had 10,000 people like in Central Park
I said, What's the big deal? They made it, Oh the crowds are so large
Jeff just told you he had 175,000 people sign up
Seriously you have to see outside
They know because they have to follow, they're trailers
I call them trailers
But they're fake
They're fake
They're not honest
Let me just tell you, so here's the story, so we have these massive crowds that fill up stadiums every single time
We have tens of thousands of people outside
They never mention it
They never mention it, so maybe they will tonight
But that's an all-time record
This is not a brand new place and unfortunately it holds 10,000 people or less
We set the all-time record
You know why? Because for games  See the floor packed with people? For games you're playing ice hockey or basketball, so we broke the all-time record in this house
It's a wonderful house in a wonderful community
Also in Wildwood, like we're in the middle of winter
There is nobody in the middle of winter and it's a great place in the summer
Those streets are packed all the way back to the airplane practically
But on June 2nd everybody has to do us all a favor
Number one you have to get out and vote Republican
Get rid of these clowns
You have to get out and vote for really a brave man
What he did was incredible
Jeff Van Drew, what he did was incredible
Get out and vote
He's going to have a big victory
He's going to have a big victory
We're grateful to have with us this evening some wonderful friends of mine, people that I've known forever, your former governor who did a terrific job, Chris Christie
Chris
Great Chris, great job
Your wonderful Republican State Chairman Doug Steinhardt, what a job he's doing
Thank you Doug
Thank you Doug
My campaign's two great New Jersey co-chairs and I think we'll play for the state  You know they all say Republicans can't win
Tell me why? They said, Should you move this to the Meadowlands? I said, No, I want to be in South Jersey
We want to be with our friends
But we could have filled up the Meadowlands arena two or three times
Maybe we'll do it during the summer
Should we do it during the summer? Maybe
But two brave guys, two great politicians
People that love our state
State senators Mike Testa and Joe Pennacchio
Joe Pennacchio
Thank you Joe
Thank you
Thank you
Two incredible New Jersey natives, you've never heard of Kellyanne Conway have you say something
Thank you Kellyanne
I just want to thank Republicans because what they've been doing is incredible
Republican leadership in this country we're winning, winning, winning like never before
We're winning again and we've got a party that's a very different part, a much stronger party, a much more inclusive party
We have a party that we love
We have a party that has the votes
We have a party like they've never had before
The Republican party respected again
I have to say this, America is winning again and America is thriving again like never before
Since the election we have created seven million new jobs
The average unemployment rate under my administration is lower than any previous administration, listen to this one, in United States history
That's a good fact, the lowest in history
Thank you man
We have a great veteran up here and he said, We love you
We love you
The veterans
Are we doing good for the veterans? Thank you
African American, Hispanic American, and Asian American unemployment rates have reached the lowest levels ever recorded in the history of our country
Ever recorded! Women's unemployment is at a 65 year low
Sorry about that
Soon it's going to be historic
Another couple of good months it'll be historic
65 years for women
In the eight years before I took office over 300,000 working age people left the workforce
They had no choice
In just three years of my administration 3
5 million people have joined the workforce
Nobody believes it, including the fake  The workforce
Nobody believes it including the fake news
If I would have said that during the campaign that we were going to produce numbers like this, the fakeness would have been hitting me
He's exaggerating
He's lying, Pinocchio, Pinocchio
The press is very dishonest
More than two million millennials have gotten jobs and their wages have grown by nearly 5% every year, which is a record
A record number of Americans between the ages of 25 and 34 are now working, another record
Under the Trump economy, the lowest paid earners are reaping the fastest gains of anybody
You don't hear that because this is a blue collar boom
It's very nice
It's about time
It's about time
It's been many, many decades
Earnings for the bottom 10% are rising faster than earnings for the top 10%, first time ever
Since my election, the net worth of the bottom half of wage earners has increased, listen to this, by 47%, three times faster than the increase for the top 1%
Median household income is at an all time high
For President Bush, in eight years it was $450, over eight years
Think of this for a second
Under President Barack Hussein Obama, for eight years it was $975, so eight years, eight years, 450, 975 under your favorite President, and when you include the tax cuts, the regulation cuts that nobody's ever cut taxes like this
Nobody's ever cut regulations
That's why all these jobs are being built
Under President Trump, for three years, the number is almost $10,000, and that's three years, and it's going up
It's going up very substantial
That's a big difference
New business applications in New Jersey have just soared to a record high, and we have lifted 10 million people nationwide off federal welfare
They're off
They are off federal welfare
Nobody would've believed these numbers
Someday they're going to write the true story
Our child tax credit alone is delivering $2,200 a year to 40 million American families
We have ended, so importantly for you, the war on American energy
The United States is now the number one producer of oil and natural gas anywhere in the world
We don't need anybody else's energy anymore
It's so nice
What happened in the last three years with energy is incredible, but extreme liberals in Washington want to shut down U
S
energy, including through the so-called Green New Deal
Close your factories
Get rid of your cows
You don't have too many cows in Wildwood, but if you do, they're gone
We will never sacrifice America's energy independence
Took us a long time to get there, and we really picked it up over the last three years
What we've done is incredible, pipelines all over
Pipelines are good
They're underground, they're good, environmentally sound
To lift up forgotten communities that need investment the most
These are the communities that really have suffered
We created, with the help of a great gentleman from the state of South Carolina, You know who I'm talking about? Tim Scott, right? Senator Tim Scott, he's an incredible guy
He really is
He came to my office and he had this idea that he's wanted to do for a long time
Senator Tim Scott, opportunity zones, and jobs and investment are now pouring into nearly 170 newly designated opportunity zones right here in New Jersey, all over the United States
Billions, and billions, and billions of dollars, and not government dollars, they're flowing into the opportunities zones into areas where investment was dead
For decades, politicians ran for office promising to protect American workers, but then they went to Washington and they lined their pockets with special address cash, and they shipped American jobs and dreams to other countries
They closed up your factories
They got rid of your jobs
They didn't have to pay taxes
Globalist politicians lowered our economic defenses and allowed other nations to rob our factories, steal our farms and ransack our communities
Not anymore, not anymore, because we are defenseless no more because long last you have a President who puts America first
Is that okay? The United States laws, listen to this number, and you know if it was wrong, the fake news would be all over me, and I've been saying it for three years
The United States lost 60,000 factories and plants
Think of that
You wouldn't think that's possible because of stupid trade deals, because of bad leadership
During the 16 years of the two prior administrations, under just three years, my administration has now added 12,000 new factories, and many more are being built and they're pouring back into the United States, because that's where the action is
That's where they want to be
They are pouring back into our country, new plants and factories
You see them all over
I passed two of them coming in, brand new, beautiful plants and factories
They're pouring back in
This is where the action is
This is where they want to be
I see the leaders, they say, It's incredible what happened to your country
I said, Don't tell me that
We want you to have your companies build plants in New Jersey and other places, and that's what's happening
But on no issue have Washington Democrats thoroughly betrayed the American people than the issue of immigration
Left-wing, radical, politician support deadly sanctuary cities, and remember, a sanctuary city is a jurisdiction that refuses to hand over criminal aliens that are in local law enforcement custody
Instead, they order them to be released into your community
What the hell is going on? What is going on? Once set loose, these criminal aliens are free to continue their crimes spree against innocent Americans
Right here in New Jersey, your state's Democrat leaders have instituted sanctuary policies that result in dangerous predators being set free into your community
For example, Cumberland County, we all know Cumberland County very well, right? Good luck with this one
They released an illegal alien criminal with multiple charges for sexual assault of a child
He is now at large, free to search for another innocent victim
They didn't want to give him to ICE, and I want to thank ICE, because the abuse they take and the incredible job they do
Right here, another criminal alien was arrested for a violent assault in New Jersey
The sanctuary jurisdiction of Middlesex County defied the ICE request to detain him
Local authorities released him and he went on to commit a gruesome triple murder
I could read these cases, honestly, I could read and state these cases to you all night
I could state these cases to you all night
No American should ever be hurt, harmed or killed because left-wing politicians, Democrats, decided to shield and shelter Look, look, wait
You have criminals that are on the streets that should be in jail
You have criminals that on the street that should be taken the hell out of our country and brought back to where they came from
By the way, ICE has removed thousands upon thousands of MS-13 gang members, the most brutal people
You don't want to do that job
Maybe you do, a couple of tough people up there
Anybody want to be with ICE? You got a lot of tough people in New Jersey
New Jersey is different
I think New Jersey is different
No, but these ICE people, they love our country
They're proud and they're tough people, and they'll go right into a pack
They call it a pack and they start swinging
Everyone's swinging or they end up standing up
That's the end of that, and you know what they do? They bring the MS-13 and many other gang members and other members back to El Salvador, back to Honduras, back to Guatemala, back to Mexico
I want to thank Mexico because you know what's happening, right? Thousands and thousands at this moment, 27,000 soldiers from Mexico, protecting our Southern border
I want to thank the President
Democrats stand for crime, corruption and chaos
Republicans stand for law, order and justice, and say what you want, but those are the facts
We are removing these illegal criminals and gang members
We are literally taking them by so many, thousands and thousands, and we're bringing him back
Thanks to our tireless efforts of border patrol to secure our border, we have reduced illegal border crossings seven straight months in a row
We have the numbers down by 75% since spring, 75%
We have ended catch and release and really, look, I had another party
I could get anything
If I wanted to spend money on anything, look with the military, we got two trillion dollars, right? More
Two trillion, all made in America, right? Everything
Best planes, best missiles, best everything, made in America
If I wanted to build anything, the only thing they put the whole weight of their party, they didn't want us to have the wall
They knew it worked
Many of them voted five years ago for a wall
They just didn't know how to get it built
I do
But what happened is through a series of court cases and other things, the money has won, and we are now building that beautiful wall, and this powerful border wall is going up at record speed and we just reached over 100 miles of wall, and by next year, we'll be over 400 miles, and shortly thereafter it will be complete
A lot of people were saying a year ago, He didn't build the wall yet
He didn't build the wall
Let me tell you
When you have the strength of a party that has the House, okay, hopefully they're not going to have the House for long
We'll have a wonderful new speaker, will get rid of Nancy Pelosi, nervous Nancy, nervous Nancy
We'll have Kevin McCarthy who's been fantastic
We have to win back the House
But think of this
The wall, so many people were saying, Build it
Well, it's not easy when you have the weight of an entire party and they control the House, not easy
We did it and frankly we were building the wall through the help of the military, the Army Corps of Engineers anyway, but you know what? Now we actually have the money and it's going up very rapidly
In all due respect to Mexico, we like Mexico very much, and we've gotten along great with Mexico, and the President's a friend of mine, and I think he's doing a fantastic job
It's a tough situation
But Mexico is in fact, you will soon find out, paying for the wall
Okay? They'd hit you with that
Now the wall is ultimately and very nicely being paid for by Mexico, and it's an advantage for Mexico, too, when you think about it
The wall is a vital barrier for blocking deadly drugs from pouring into these communities
What we're doing is stopping drugs at a record number
It's still anything that comes over is too much, but we're blocking it at a record number
I'm also very proud to report that we won a critical Supreme Court victory yesterday on immigration
We will now be finally able to enforce federal law, and ensure that those seeking admission to our country are able to support themselves financially and not abuse taxpayer funded programs
They were killing our country, killing our country
Washington Democrats have never been more extreme than they are right now
Frankly, they're crazy
These people are crazy
They're taking their cues from socialists like Bernie
Left-wing lawmakers are pushing a government takeover of health care that would strip 180 million Americans of their private health care plans, which many people like
The plans of every Democrat running for President would demolish the economy of New Jersey, where half a million new New Jersey workers are employed at some of the best and most innovative health care employment companies
We have them working at the companies, and we have people getting great health care
It's been so long
It's finally working and they want to destroy it
The Republican party will never let it happen
We are saving your health care while the Democrats are trying to take away your health care, take away your doctors, take away all of the good care that we fought, and we fought hard, and we're doing well and now we're doing better
By the way, some time prior to the end of the year, we're putting in for a new middle income tax cut, a very big one
But we're making health care better and much, much cheaper
We've done a great job in running it and we've given you a lot of alternatives
We are protecting people with pre-existing conditions and we always will, the Republican party, pre-existing conditions, we saved it
We are stopping surprise medical billing and making everything transparent
That's a big deal, and that will take effect starting in about two months from now
Everything's transparent
You'll be able to see pricing
You'll be able to go and price other hospitals, other doctors
It's going to be an incredible thing
Nobody believes I was able to do it, but we did it
We are defending your right to keep the doctor and the plan of your choice
We are lowering drug prices
The Democrats are increasing drug prices
We are fighting the lobbyists and special interests
We are serving you and how are we doing? We're doing good, right? But because of price transparency, we are getting it done
We're approving more generic drugs than ever before in the history of our country
That means they come in, frankly, they're just as good as the big names, but they sell for 80% less in some cases
We are unleashing innovation to cure diseases of all kinds
We are cutting out the rich middlemen and delivering prescription drugs directly to the consumers
These are all things that we had to fight like hell to get
We're making less paperwork for your doctors and giving you easy control of your medical records, which is a big deal for a lot of people
We are prohibiting hospitals from hiding their prices and charging hidden costs
You go home, you say, Oh, I'm feeling better
The doctor was fantastic, and then they send you a bill for $25,000
That's the end of that
All of a sudden the doctor wasn't so good, right? We are making companies compete for your business
We are repealing burdensome taxes
We have accomplished more than any President in the first three years of their term by far, not even close
We have provided health insurance options, 60% cheaper than Obamacare, and we have historic investments in treating kidney disease, HIV, pediatric cancer and Alzheimer's disease
We're making so much progress
We have just passed a thing that I think is great
I never understood
For 45 years, they've been trying to get it passed
We've just passed a thing called Right to Try
You know what that is? So, we have the greatest doctors, the greatest technicians, the greatest labs in the world, and we'll have a drug that's looking good, but it's going to take five more years, and by the way, we've brought the timing way down from 12 years to half of that, but it takes years to get it approved
You have people that are terminally ill
If they have money, they go to Asia, they go to Europe, they go all over the world looking for help
If they don't have money, they go home and they die
What we did is a thing called Right to Try
People sign something and they don't hold the country responsible
They don't hold the drug company responsible
It's called Right to Try, and they get the newest, and the best, and the latest medicine where it's looking good, but you're not going to have it for five more years, and you know why they didn't do it? Because they didn't want to hurt anybody, except the problem is the people were going to die soon
I said, They're terminally ill
Let them have it
We sat down with a great group of leaders, Republican leaders, and honestly, we had some bipartisan support and we got it done
They've been tried to do it for 45 or so years
We got it done
You have to see the results, and I've seen some of the results
Some of the results are incredible
We've transformed veteran's health care, including through VA choice, right? VA choice
For 48 years they've been trying to get veterans choice
I thought I had the greatest secret
You know, I haven't been doing this that long, so four years ago, I'm campaigning for president
Everyone said, No, he's only having fun
Yeah, it's some fun
This is a lot of fun
Right? But for 45 years- But for 45 years they've been trying to get it Veteran's Choice
So I come back one day, I say to my people, I have the greatest idea
I am so smart
I am like the smart- I have an idea because the veterans are waiting online
They're waiting online for two weeks, three weeks, four weeks, ten weeks
Some are okay and they end up being terminally ill by the time they see the doctors, too long
And I said, Folks, I have the greatest idea
All of my people, I say, I have the greatest idea
I'm so smart
Here's what we're going to do
We're going to send all those people that can't see a doctor, we just can't get them to see a doctor
We're going to send them down the road to private doctors and we're going to pay the bill and they're going to get fixed up
Right? So smart
But you see, I said I was smart and they looked back at me and they said, Sir, we've known about that concept for 45 years
We just can't get it approved
But I got it approved
And I got it approved about 11 months ago
And the VA is doing fantastically well
Our veterans are doing great
That was a big thing
That was a big thing
We also got accountability
Where people could mistreat our veterans, do whatever they want, they could be sadistic
They could be so many other things
They could steal, they could rob
You couldn't do anything, you'd keep them
You couldn't do a thing
We got accountability
Now you look at him, you say, Get the hell out of here
You're fired, you're fired
Now you can fire
They've let go of more than 8,000 bad people
We have reduced opioid deaths for the first time, and very substantially, in 30 years
And we are modernizing critical vaccines
We're doing a great job with vaccines
We are creating a pathway to buy drugs from Canada, that are much, much cheaper, in Florida
Governor Ron DeSantis came to me
He said, Sir, this system is so bad
And you can't fix it unless you have democrat votes, that's why you got to vote the house
You got to get us back the house
They say, Sir, we can buy the drugs in Canada for 50% less
The same drug made in the same factory, made by the same company
50% and we can give the benefit for the people that live in Florida, or Colorado, or New Jersey, or wherever you are
This has been going on for a long time
No president has wanted to do it
You know how long it took me to make that decision? I said, If you can say 50%, or 25%, or 15% buy it
Do it
Go
And I gave him authorization, Do it
We are protecting Medicare for our nation's seniors
Democrats want, and you know this, Democrats want to raid Medicare to fund benefits for illegal immigrants
And you know, we all have a heart
We all have a heart, but when you tell people to come into our country, like this clown governor of California, come into our country
They're all going to come
If they think they're going to get free education, free healthcare, they're all going to come
If you don't say it, they're not going to come
Because who would even think this? Virtually every top Democrat also now supports late term abortion
Ripping babies straight from the mother's womb, right up until the moment of birth
And that is why I've asked Congress to prohibit extreme late term abortion because Republicans believe that every child is a sacred gift from God
Democrats are now the party of high taxes, high crime, open borders, late term abortion, socialism, and blatant corruption
Look at what's happening to their cities
Los Angeles, it's so sad
What you see is so sad with the homeless and the way they don't take care of the homeless
San Francisco, starting in New York
You could take a look at what's happening to our cities run by Democrats
It's a disaster
They don't know what the hell they're doing
The Republican party is the party of the American worker, the American family, and the American dream
Republicans are fighting for citizens from every background and from every race, religion, color, and creed
We are asking all Americans to join our incredible movement
That's what it is
It's one of the greatest moments
It's probably the greatest movement in history
The 2016 election was probably, I mean you could say, the greatest election in the history of our country
And now we have to do it again to keep it going
It's like a giant tree, you plant it, but it takes time to grab on
We need this next election so badly
The good news is, it's much easier, because here I've done it all
I've achieved more than I promised
I never told you about Space Force
We got Space Force
I never told you about all of these things that we got
We are a big tent party in the true idea
It's big ideas, and we have a big future together
This country has tremendous potential, if we don't blow it
To give former prisoners a second chance at life, we pass bi-partisan, criminal justice reform
They came to me, they couldn't get it done, including many conservatives
And these people that I fight every day, they came to me, Help, help, help
Criminal justice reform
I got it done
As soon as I got it done, they don't even want to mention my name
I got it done
I got people to vote for it that they could have never gotten
President Obama tried, he couldn't get it done
President Bush couldn't get it
They couldn't get it done
That's okay
They couldn't get it done
I got it done
I got it done
And after I got it done, and I mean solely got it done, and after I got it done they had news conferences
They're thanking people that I never even heard of
The only one they didn't think was President Trump
And I got it done, but that's the way it is
That's why I always say you have to thank yourself because nobody else is going to do it
We're fighting to give school choice to every child in America who needs it
During National School Choice Week, we reaffirmed that no parent should be forced to send their child to a failing government school
School Choice, very important
Democrats don't want that
To uphold the rule of law, we have confirmed 191 brand new beautiful federal judges who will interpret the Constitution as written
And two great Supreme court justices, two great ones
As we rebuild our military, we have authorized over $160 million to support our warriors at a place called, huh, McGuire Air Force Base and Fort Dix
Have you ever heard of those places? Have you ever heard of those places, New Jersey? $ 160 million, two great places
I recognized Israel's true capital and opened the American Embassy in Jerusalem
And we recognize Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights
Nobody else was going to do it
They've been trying to do that one for 52 years
For years you watched as your politicians apologized for America
Now you have a president who is standing up for America and we are standing up for the people of New Jersey
My friends
At stake in our present battle is the survival of our nation
I really mean that, it's the survival of our nation
And if you would have had the other party winning this last election, instead of your market being up 72%
Instead of your 401ks being up numbers that you can't even believe where your wife or your husband says, Darling, you're the most brilliant person in history
For years, you've been losing your ass with 401ks
Now you're making a fortune
Right? Right? Now you're making a fortune
I have people coming up to me all the time
I had one gentlemen come up, Sir
Thank you, sir
You've made me look so smart
My wife never respected me for anything, not anything
But now she thinks I'm a great investor
Thank you
401k
If you want your children to inherit the blessings that generations of Americans have fought and died for it to secure, then we must devote everything that we have toward victory in 2020
We have to
And by the way, when we talk about inheriting victory in 2020 in our Nation, just so you understand, under a big tax cut biggest tax cut plan in history, guess what you have? You have a business, you have a farm, you have a small business, no more inheritance tax, no more what we call death tax
So if you love your children, they won't have to mortgage the plant
They won't have to be mortgage the farm, as the expression goes
They won't have to mortgage anything, there's no tax
If you don't love your children, don't leave it to them and then you do have a problem
No, I'm only kidding
Does anybody here not love their child or their children? Because if you don't There's one man raising his hand
Nah, that's a big thing
No more estate tax, no more death tax for your small farms and business
Those are things that people don't even realize
Only this way can we save the America we love and drain the Washington swamp once and for all
And I never even knew the swamp was this bad
Swamp is bad, bad people
A lot of bad people in the swamp
Bad people in the swamp you thought this was going to be easy, right? A lot of bad people
Together, we will elect a Republican Congress to create a fair, safe, sane, and lawful system of immigration
That's what's happening now
We will enact trade deals, the greatest deals ever made
That result in more product proudly stamped with that beautiful phrase Made in the USA
Beautiful
For decades we had politicians that didn't care about that phrase
That phrase didn't mean anything to them
We will achieve new breakthroughs in science and medicine
Finding new cures for childhood cancer and ending the AIDS epidemic, can you believe this, in America in 10 years or less
We've already started the process
And it could have been started sooner by the past administration, they chose not to do it
I chose to do it
Think of that, ending the AIDS epidemic within 10 years that we've started
We will defend privacy, free speech, religious Liberty, and the right to keep and bear arms, which is under seige
By the way, our second amendment is under siege
In Virginia, they want to take your guns away
It's just the beginning
Never going to happen as long as I'm President of the United States
That I can tell you
But above all, we will never stop fighting for the sacred values that bind us together as one America
We support, protect, and defend the Constitution of the United States
We stand with the incredible heroes of law enforcement
We believe in the dignity of work and in the sanctity of life
We believe that faith and family, not government bureaucracy, are the true American ways
And we believe that children should be taught to love our country, honor our history, and to always respect our great American flag
And we will always live by the words of our national motto, In God, We Trust
Thank you, everybody
Thank you, very much, everybody
From Morristown to Vineland, and Patterson to Pennington
From Camden to Clifton, all the way down the shore to Ocean City and Sea Isle and Stone Harbor
And right here in Wildwood, New Jersey
This has always been the home of the proud, loyal, and very, very incredible Americans
And my friends, so many people in this group, I know them well
They're tough
They're smart, they're great people
It's called Jersey
This is the state that pioneered the boardwalk, the diner, and the motion picture
And gave the world American greats like Thomas Edison and Frank Sinatra, old blue eyes
Frank Sinatra
He was a piece of work, that I can tell you
New Jersey is the state where George Washington led a die hard band of American patriots to victory at Trenton, and Princeton, and Monmouth
In our glorious battle to win American independence, George Washington
This is the state where generations of tough and strong New Jersey craftsmen and dock hands, farmers and factory workers built this country into the single greatest nation on the face of the earth
And we are making it greater and greater every day
It will never be better than what's coming
There'll never be anything like what we're doing
Proud citizens like you helped build this country and together we are taking back our country
We are returning power to you, the American people
With your help and your devotion, with your drive, we are going to keep on working
We are going to keep on fighting
And we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning
We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God
America is thriving like never before
And ladies and gentlemen of New Jersey, place I love, the best is yet to come
Because together we will make America wealthy again
We will make America strong again
We will make America proud again
We will make America safe again
And we will make America great again
Thank you
New Jersey
Thank you
Thank you

Well, thank you very much
Thank you
Thank you very much
It's a great honor to be in North Carolina
We had great, great luck and great people backing us in North Carolina
And I'm thrilled to be in Winston Salem with thousands of loyal, hard working American Patriots
You are great people
Great people
I don't know how many people here, but there's a lot
We said let's keep it down
They didn't do too good a job, but that's good
That's good
Now these crowds, I tell you it's beyond what we had in terms of enthusiasm, beyond what we had four years ago in 2016, and that was a record enthusiasm and we are breaking that record by a lot
This is the most important election we've ever had
56 days from now, we're going to win North Carolina
We're going to win four more years in the White House
This is a choice
And I must say, this is a choice for many, many decades
I don't think you has a bigger difference and maybe you've never had a bigger difference
This is the American dream and the other, I don't want to say it because I'll get myself in trouble with the fake news back there
But the other is a basic disaster for our country
Joe Biden devoted his career to offshoring your jobs, throwing open your borders, dragging us into endless foreign wars, along with some of his other friends and surrendering our children's future to countries like China
Remember this, very simple to remember
If Biden wins, China wins
It's as simple as that
So you have a situation where we built the greatest economy in the history of the world
We were forced to close it because of the China plague that came in and now we've opened it
And by the way, your state should be open
Your state should be open
Any governor that does that
And even if you look statistically, it's you it's Michigan, it's a couple of others
They're closed
New York
Look what they're doing in New York, what they're doing to our beautiful New York
It's so sad
But you just take a look at what's going on in North Carolina
They want to open
They want to open
They want to open in Michigan so badly
They want to open
They want to have football
They want to have their schools open
And it's a shame what's going on
And I'll tell you what, on November 4th, every one of those states will be open
They're doing it for political reasons
They're doing it for political reasons
They think by hurting the economy, by keeping all these store owners and all these people that work in shops and stores and buildings, offices, they think by keeping them and hurting them, you're hurting the economy
Our economy is doing phenomenally well
And it's not only is it a V, it's a super V
You see what's happened
We just had a jobs number come out, 1
4 million
It's down to 8
4%
Nobody thought that, 8
4
So we had the greatest economy, we closed it up and now we're opening it up and your state should go with it
We're opening it up
And we will have a great third quarter
It's going to be announced, by the way, just before the election, but we're going to have a great third quarter
We have unbelievable retail numbers, unbelievable numbers all over
And this is that super V
But next year is going to be one of the greatest years in the history of a country economically, unless the wrong person gets in and quadruples everybody's taxes in which case you will see a depression the likes of which you haven't seen
And remember this, if Biden wins the violent mobs, you see these mobs all over the place
They're Biden people
They're Biden states and cities
They're Democrat states
If they win, the mobs win
You see these guys, they go around saying, yeah, I want your meal
Give me that food
Give me that
A woman sitting there, she wants to eat
And they come and they grab her food
They grab her drink
Nobody's ever seen stuff like this
This is all that ideology
We're not going to let it happen
We're not going to let it happen
And in Portland, you see what happened last night, they arrested over 50 people the first time
We said, either do it or what going in
We're going to have to go in, do it
Let us go in
We're saying I spoke to the governor of Oregon the other day
Let us go in
I said, let us go in
We'll straighten it out in less than a half an hour
Now the US Marshals did go in to take care of that one guy who killed somebody
You saw that
He killed a young man in the middle of the street violently
He had other charges against him
And I put out, when is he going to be arrested? And they went in about 15 minutes later
And I'll tell you what our federal government is so ready to go
All they have to do is call us
It'll all be solved very quickly
They have to call them
But all of these places are Democrat run places, radical left run places
They don't know what the hell they're doing
If Biden wins, the rioters, arsonists and anarchists win
He said the other day, well, if I win, that doesn't mean that's going to stop
He doesn't, he will never stop
If they win, it's not going to happen, hopefully
Because this is not like a second place crowd
Let's face it
Are you seeing? Are you seeing all the polls numbers are coming out? That's why he left
Finally, he left his basement
He said we got problems
I don't think he knows that, but the people that manage him know it
They understand it
He doesn't
So I'm running for reelection to keep jobs at home, to put violent criminals behind bars and to ensure the future belongs to America, not to China and other countries
Because if we win, America wins
You know that
You've seen that
Over the last three and a half years, we've secured America's borders, fixed our broken trade deals, and they were broken like you've never seen
They weren't even broken
They were bad
They were bad from day one
Rebuilt the awesome power of the United States military, obliterated the ISIS caliphate 100%
In fact, I got it down to 98%
Remember a year and a half ago, I got it down to 98
And they all said, no, no, it's got to be a 100
I said, somebody else could finish
We want to get home
They said, no, you've got to finish it, so we took another two months, we finished it and we're bringing them home
We're bringing them home
These great, great warriors
People don't like it when I say that
Secured American energy independence and built the greatest economy in the history of the world
And now we are very simply, we're doing it again and we're on track to have, as I said, the best year we've ever had next year
You just had the best year
You just had the best year of the history of your state last year
We've created a record breaking 10
6 million jobs in the last four months
But if sleepy Joe Biden takes power, the economy will collapse
He won't even know the difference
How's the economy? Not good, sir
We're in a depression
We are? What's that? Joe Biden, who spent 47 years shipping North Carolina jobs to China and other countries, you know that
And I've spent the last four years bringing jobs back to our country
We've never had so many jobs
We're up to 160 million jobs
We were never anywhere close
We got up to 160 million and we were never anywhere close to that
Here in North Carolina, voting is already underway
On November 3rd, Americans will decide whether we will quickly return to record prosperity or whether we allow the same left wing extremists that have no idea what they're doing to burn down buildings or take control of government, set fire to a whole country
You know, when they started knocking down the monuments and statues a few months ago, I signed a very strong executive order
You want to knock them down? That's fine
But you go to jail for 10 years
It was amazing
It was amazing how that stopped
And then they said, well, we'll do it easily
We'll do it through the process because they don't want to spend 10 years
You know, they'd look at it
They'd say not worth it
10 years is too much
But the DC committee, did you see about that? They want to change the name of the Washington Monument
They want to get rid of the Lincoln Monument, Jefferson Monument
Now, we're talking the big stuff
They finally hit the big time, took them awhile to get there
But I said that was going to happen
Don't worry about it
You don't have a thing to worry about
If our foreign adversaries were devising a scheme to cripple America, they could hardly do better than the Biden, Kamala Harris, Kamala
Remember Kamala? She started at 15
She was supposed to win
Problem was she went from 15 to 14 to 12 to 10 to seven to four
It's like a free fall
You know what, people don't like her
Nobody likes her
She could never be the first woman president
She could never be
That would be an insult to our country
Biden wants to impose a $4 trillion tax hike, a ban on American energy, eliminate America's borders, confiscate your guns
He wants to get rid of your second amendment
We're going to be appointing very pro crime judges, but they want to destroy your suburbs
You know, the rule, the regulation that I just terminated
They want to build low income projects in the suburbs
They've been doing it
They've been destroying suburbs
We're not doing it anymore
Somebody said suburban women, how's Trump doing? But do you remember last time too? They said women don't like Trump
I said, I think they do
I think they do
They said women don't, and then we did great with women
And remember that great
Was that one of the greatest evenings ever? Four years ago
That was one of the greatest
But one of the things they did, first of all, we did much better
Now we're doing really well
African American vote, much better Hispanic vote, much better
He did better with African Americans than we thought
He did better with Hispanic than we thought
He did better with Asians than we thought
He did really well with women
What's this all about? Ladies and gentlemen
And they said, Donald Trump is projected the winner of 2016
You remember that evening? Was that the craziest? That was the craziest thing
And they thought, I think they didn't think it, but I'll tell you what anything we had then, we have much more now
They don't understand
They do understand it
They do
Right? They understand it
Look at that beautiful dress
And she wears that dress right through the middle of Hollywood and everyone says, thank you very much
Beautiful
Like it
But they want to indoctrinate your children and implement a ruin or shutdown of the United States economy again
Biden said the other day, well, if the experts told me
We're not shutting it down again
We don't have to
We learned about the disease
We did the right thing
We saved millions of lives
People don't realize we saved millions of lives and hundreds of thousands of lives by not letting China
We put a ban on China, heavily infected
And Biden was against it
Three months later, he said he did the right thing, I have to admit
It's clear why both China and the flag burning rioters want Biden to win
They know his policies will be the downfall of America and they know my policies will lift America to new heights of national greatness like we've never seen before
That's what's happening
That's what's happening
And never forget, they're coming after me because I'm fighting for you
There's a lot of truth in that one
And they do come after me
They do come after me
They have more things to say about me
Every day, it's something
They said, you see the plane where it is? Sir, would you like to take the car? I say, why? I'm saying what? Well, I heard you had a limp
I do? I don't know about a limp
I don't have a limp
Hey, someday, I'm going to have a limp
I'll let you know when
You'll see it
No, they make this stuff up
They make it up
They make stuff
It's called disinformation
They give a phony deal out
They did it two days ago with the military
There's nobody that loves the military more than me
I was very lucky though
I had 15 incredible American Patriots that came by and they said, he never said that
They were there
They were there
But they make up stories, horrible stories, many, many
Hey, look, look at last time, the fake dirty dossier
It was all made up
And frankly, if the shoe was on the other foot, if it was on the other foot, you'd have many people, 20, 25 people right now in jail for two years and they'd be there for 50 years because they got caught spying on our campaign and it's treason or whatever else you want to call it
And it's a disgrace that it's taken this long
It's a disgrace that it's taken this long
And let me just tell you a little secret
Obama got caught and so did sleepy Joe Biden
Remember Biden just sitting in the room saying, why don't you use the Logan Act on General Flynn? Look at General Flynn, what he's going through for years
If that were ever reversed, I'm telling you, you'd have many people in jail for many, many years and it would have started three years ago
It's a disgrace, but let's see what happens
Biden's a globalist sellout who spent his career laying waste to American communities
And you know, he talks about like, well, he's going to do this
He's going to  He doesn't have any idea
He has no clue
He's going to do this
He's been there for 47 years
And he just really left
He left three and a half, four years ago
So he just left, but he's been there for 47 years
I'm going to do this
After 47 years, he's had a change of heart
This is the craziest election
This is the craziest  Look, somebody said, what's the difference between crooked Hillary Clinton and slow Joe? So the difference is the following
She's meaner, probably not as nice
I don't know
You can't get any worse than her, when you think
But the big difference is she's smarter than he is
Okay
He's a nicer person, but he's not smart
He never was, not in prime time and certainly not now
The Washington vultures ripped apart our towns in exchange for his party's nomination
Biden has now formed an unholy alliance with the most extreme and dangerous elements of the radical left, you know that, with crazy Bernie and everyone
And by the way, you know who's further left than crazy Bernie? Kamala, Kamala, Kamala
You remember she left the race
Sort of interesting that they picked her because in theory, they should be able to win in California
I don't know
Maybe we'll make a play for that one too
But they picked somebody from California
I don't quite get it, but you always pick somebody that's hot
That's going up in the polls, going up
Frankly, I'm not sure
I don't think I've ever said this, but probably Hillary should have picked Bernie Sanders to be her running mate
Right? Because as crazy as it sounds, he was hot
He gave her a hell of a fight
A lot of people think he won and it got taken away
One thing about Bernie, he's the greatest loser I've ever seen because look, any children here? No not too many, but they've heard it before
He got screwed four years ago and he got screwed again
Biden got the nomination
He got the nomination
But if Biden would have sat back and if Elizabeth Warren, Pocahontas, you remember Pocahontas? She finally faded
She faded badly
But if she would have dropped out on Super Tuesday, prior to Super Tuesday, Bernie would have been the nominee
And I don't know who I'd rather run against
One is super left
The other one's had to become super left
One is competent
The other one is only half competent now and heading south
He's half competent and heading south rapidly
But the globalists and the leftists make natural partners because they're united by their contempt for the American middle class in the truest sense
That's why powerful corporations and far left politicians have both sided with radical demonstrated over
If you look at that, it's over the law abiding areas that we have
Republican cities and towns are doing great
We're doing great
And we don't have crime and we don't have this violence
Chicago over the weekend, many people killed, many people shot, shot
They're actually shot and killed
New York, the same thing
New York's gone through the roof
They were up 300% in certain categories
And you say, what's happening? And we want to send them in so badly
Joe Biden and his party spent the entire summer cheering on the rioters rampaging through a Democrat run cities falsely labeling them as peaceful protesters
And you know, we call you peaceful protesters, you know why? Because they have rules in these Democrat run states that if you're campaigning, you can't have more than five people
They- That if you're campaigning you can't have more than five people
They did that for me
If you are going to church you can't go to church anymore
You can't go to church
You can't go to church, you can't do anything
You have to stay in your house but if you're willing to riot, running down Main Street, if you're willing to riot and stand on top of each other's face and do whatever the hell you want to do, you're allowed to do that because you're considered a peaceful protester so we decided to call all our rallies peaceful protests even my people, my very brilliant consultants who I don't listen to too much, maybe I should
Sir, please don't say law and order
That's too tough
Now in the meantime you look at these streets, people crazy
They say, Say law and order but with safety
I said, Look, people get it
It's just law and order, is that okay? We want law and order
They say, Law and order and safety, sir
Could you add the word safety? Because it's  I said, I don't want to add
It's sort of obvious, right? We want law, we want order
Biden is fueling the violence with his relentless attacks on police and his constant slander that America is racist
By the way I've gotten the support of almost every police group in the country
Sheriffs in Florida, Ohio, Texas, North Carolina
All over the country, but did you notice he's starting to talk a little bit tougher now, did you notice that? He sees what's going on, his polls are dropping like a rock and he sees what's going on
Now he's starting to say, No, we need law and order
No he didn't say that, did he? He'll never get to say that, can't say that because then it'd lose the whole left and let me tell you the left is running that party
You take a look at  You don't want to be dealing with the left
These people are stone cold crazy, you don't want to be dealing
Meanwhile Biden, he doesn't say a word about the thousands of African-Americans who are murdered each year as a result of violent crime in Democrat-controlled cities
They're murdered by the thousands and they never, ever mention it
My heart is with the hardworking patriots of all backgrounds who build up our communities, not the violent criminals and extremists and agitators and anarchists who burn them down
Next time you see video of screaming far left maniacs shouting wildly at peaceful Americans, remember this
These are Biden supporters, and if he wins, they will be in charge of your government as sure as you're sitting there
You'll be taking your monuments down
You'll be taking your statues down
I'm not kidding, you'll be taking them down
You have to look at the D
C
report, I'm just telling you, go get it, you wouldn't even believe it
It's too crazy to even talk about, but we're never going to give them a chance to do it
We're never giving them a chance
We're going to win, we're going to win big
This is a very important state, and by the way  By the way, when they send out their millions and millions of unsolicited ballots, when you get a ballot, say, Well I wanted to go and vote, darling
I wanted to go and vote
Why are they sending me those ballots? There's something really  The only way we lose North Carolina and a couple of others like Nevada, we're doing great there
Now the governor decides we're doing so well that they're going to send out unsolicited
You have solicited and unsolicited
They're going to send out millions of ballots to you
People that never really thought in terms of it
Now sometimes you'll ask for a ballot
That's a solicited ballot
It's okay, you have to go through a process, you have to sign the form, you get it
Sending out millions of unsolicited ballots
Make sure you send the ballot in and then go to your polling place and make sure it counts
Make sure it counts
Because the only way they can win is by doing very bad things
That's the only way as far as the eye can see, but they'll correct it
They'll say, He's wrong, it was 14,500, he's misrepresenting
He's misrepresenting
Now I was told we have 15,000 and we're in the middle of an airport someplace
It's a wonderful thing
I actually think  I don't know if you agree
So we go to the arenas but because of China, the arenas aren't working out too well, right? You can't really do that anymore for a while but we are rounding the turn, I will tell you, we're rounding the turn on that but because of that  So we said where because we have the same crowds
I think we have bigger crowds potentially
We were in New Hampshire the other night, we had to turn away 8,000 people at an airport
We're doing all mostly hangar things because we're outside
Outside is very much different than being inside according to the great doctors, right? But they say it's very much different
So we're doing these and we're doing the outdoors, we're doing the hangars, but I really believe that these crowds are bigger than they were four years ago
It's pretty amazing
It's pretty amazing
We started off in New Hampshire, we said, Look, let's have 1,000 people, and they had like five or six show up and they had thousands more
We're trying to be nice but then eventually we landed  Two weeks ago, we landed in New Hampshire and the entire runaway was lit up with thousands and thousands of people as the plane was landing and I mean it's really amazing what's going on
All over the country, it's amazing
It's amazing
It's a great thing
More support than we had four years ago because four years ago I said I was going to do this, I was going to cut your taxes, I was going to cut regulations, I was going to get right to try, I was going to take care of your vets, I was going to rebuild your military, I was going to do all these things and you said, I don't know
That's a lot of  You know what? I've actually done more than I promised
Build a wall, build a wall, true
I've done more
For instance you never heard me say, you never heard me say, a lot of you were at various rallies, you never heard me talking about space force
We built, think of it
A new branch of the United States military, the United States Armed Forces called Air Force
I never talked about that
That's something we never talked about
I only figured that one out after I became president because I saw what Russia was doing and what China was doing
I said we have to do the same thing, and if you think that was easy, that was not easy
That was not easy, it was very hard
But what we've done  You know the wall now is past 300 miles
It's exactly the wall that our great Border Patrol wanted
I was hoping a nice concrete plank for the builders in here, boom, boom, you put it
Sir, we have to be able to see through
I said, All right, let's go
Much more expensive
I said, Let's go
So we're over 300 miles now and we will be finished with it very soon and we have among the safest borders that we've ever had by far and it's a good time to have it too
That's right
Mexico is going to pay for it
What happens if they fight us? Remember that answer? It's going to get 10 feet higher
Remember that
What happens if they fight us on the wall? The wall's going to get 10 feet higher but now Mexico and I get along great
In fact they have 27,000 soldiers along our southern border protecting us from people coming to our country
Can you imagine that? 27,000, and I did that so that we don't put tariffs on their products coming in, it was very simple
I said you got to do it and the president's been great, he's a friend of mine, he's doing a very good job
Not easy, Mexico's not easy, but he's doing a very good job, but the wall is almost completed and it's a tremendous wall
It's everything that the Border Patrol wanted
I gave them everything
I said, What else do you want? It's wired for every single thing you could have
Remember the Democrats, We don't want a wall, we want drones flying
Oh that helps us a lot, drones, so you can watch everybody pour in to our country, right? Biden supports cutting police funding and he has pledged to end cash bail
Just last week Sleepy Joe proudly accepted the endorsement of the pro-criminal anti-police Portland District Attorney who has a policy of releasing rioters, vandals, criminals and violent extremists without charge
Now last night though, they arrested more than they've ever done because we said you have to
We said you have to and we told them about  We will federalize them, we'll do whatever you need and I spoke to the governor, it looks like they're finally, after 107 days, like they're finally doing what they're supposed to be doing but we'll let you know very soon
Otherwise we're going in
The Biden-Bernie manifesto pledges to implement these same policies nationwide
Now you got to understand, Bernie's a radical lefty but not as bad as her but a radical left and I got a lot of Bernie voters
I think 15% last time because they agree with me on trade
They understand that many of these countries including our so-called allies are ripping us off, they're ripping us off on trade
I agree with him on that
The difference is I know how to do something about it, they don't
They don't have a clue
They just know they're being ripped off, and a lot of Bernie people feel that
That's a big point and they came over and they voted for me instead of Crooked Hillary which was a very nice thing
We appreciate it, we hope we don't lose it
Because we've really implemented things
We've taken in billions and billions and billions of dollars for China, from China, and China's never given us $0
10
It's a one-way street with China
They haven't given us  We signed a great trade deal but the ink wasn't dry when the plague came in so I view that trade deal much differently than I did before, much differently
It's a great deal
They just last week, they ordered the biggest order of corn in history, the biggest order of soybeans in history, and I say just shows you though they're smart, very smart
Instead of saying he's not talking very nicely about us and we're not going to order any more, we're not going to do business, no
Instead they do the opposite
They give us the biggest orders  Our farmers are very happy
Our farmers are very happy
Biggest order of corn, biggest order of beef, biggest order of soybeans, and I gave the farmers $28 billion because that's what you were targeted for by China and I gave you 28 out of the tariffs and we had tens of billions of dollars left over which went into the U
S
Treasury but nobody's ever done this before
Nobody's ever done this before
With Biden it's the reverse
His son goes, sits down for 10 minutes with the father and whoever the hell they sat down with
Walks out with one and a half billion dollars to manage, he'll make millions of dollars a year, and he has no experience at all
Never happened before
Biden's plan is to appease the domestic terrorists
My plan is to arrest them
So on November 3 America faces a very simple choice
Do what you want, vote for the candidate backed by violent left wing rioters if you have to, or do what you want to vote for the candidate backed by the selfless heroes of law enforcement and just about everybody else
Wait till you see the numbers
Wait till you see the numbers
You know there was a poll that just came out, I think it was Gallup, and it was a weird kind of a poll because it said 62% of the people that are polled are lying
I said, That's a big number, right? I think it was 62% a couple of weeks ago it came out, and they're only lying if it's us because they don't want to be bothered
In other words they're not lying about Sleepy Joe, they're lying about us, and I don't know if I'm supposed to love that or hate it, I don't know if it's an insult or not but I will take it
We don't give a damn
If that's the case, we have a virtual landslide going
We have a virtual landslide and this would look like it it would have been terrible, but you know what? Fortunately we had really talented people taking down everything word for word
We had the call perfectly and if I didn't have it, somehow with these people I guess I'd still be here if you want to know the truth, but it was a lot easier but we were 196 to nothing, the Republicans stuck together, and Kevin McCarthy's done a fantastic job
He really has
With the exception of a half a vote from Mitt Romney, you can have him
He's not too popular, I want to tell you, he's not a very popular guy in Utah
He's not too popular
So it was 52
5 to a half
He's a beauty, I'll tell you that guy
He couldn't get elected dogcatcher in Utah right now
Remember Utah, they said it's too close to call, this was before the election, and they announced Utah, the polls are closed, Donald Trump has won the state of Utah
Do you remember that like immediately? I won by a lot and there was some guy running, McMuffin, McMuffin
McMuffin, he was supposed to be second
Even Hillary beat him
What a group
Lieutenant Governor Dan Forest, Dan? Get out and vote for him
Get out and vote for him, okay? I'll tell you he'll be a great governor
He loves your state, he'll be a great governor
Thom is going to be a great, great senator for another six years, we need them both and I hope you're going to do well, Dan
I know you're really getting up there, it's getting very close
I'll be honest, if this governor that you have, I know him
You know we had to take our convention away, he said you're allowed to have 10 people in the arena, 10, because it said one room 10, you're not supposed to have political rallies
I said, You know the money that your state is going to be losing? But if this guy doesn't open up your state, because almost all of them are open now, if he doesn't open up your state, you have no choice, you're going to vote for him anyway but Dan, you'll be so good
Dan Forest, go and vote
The Republican nominee for North Carolina Attorney General, Jim O'Neill
Jim? Where is Jim? Thank you Jim, thank you very much
Good luck
Got to be careful with those ballots, watch those ballots
I don't like it, you know you have a Democrat governor, you have all these Democrats watching that stuff
I don't like it
I look at these crowds and if they're going to cheat crowds are meaningless
Really, if they're going to cheat, these big beautiful crowds, you could have 15,000, you could have 50,000, these crowds are meaningless
Watch it, be poll watchers when you go there
Watch all the thieving and stealing and robbing they do
Because this is important, we win North Carolina, we win
We're going to win Florida, I just left Florida, we're going to win Florida
North Carolina Republican Party Chairman Michael Whatley North Carolina, great
Thank you Michael
Thank you, great job, and a very good friend of mine, a great guy, Mick Mulvaney
Where's Mick? Oh, I didn't know Mick was here
Look at him
What a good guy
Thank you Mick
We have a lot of big shots over there I see but what do you think about a guy named Mark Meadows, chief of staff? We love Mark
Doing a great job
He's doing a great job, Robert O'Brien
Robert, how many hostages have you and I negotiated to get back, not giving anything but we have a record of what, Robert? 50, 50 and 0
We're 50 and 0 on hostages
We got them back, we got hostages back from countries that you'd never even heard of and it's been pretty amazing
Robert, thank you very much and thank you all for being here
Mick it's good to see you
Oh wait a minute, wait
It's a very, very outstanding senator
Oh I'm lucky I got to see that
We love South Carolina, right? Come here
Lindsey Graham everybody, Lindsey Graham
Lindsey and Tim Scott, two great ones
Two great ones
They may be from a different state but they love you Lindsey
That's good and Tim is another one
So we have just incredible people in the party
We've achieved more in four years than anyone ever thought possible and that's driving them crazy
We passed massive tax cuts like nobody ever thought was possible for hardworking families and we eliminated a record number of job-killing regulations, more than any president in history whether it was four years, eight years or in one case more, regulations, and to keep family farms in the family, we eliminated the unfair estate tax also known as the death tax on your small farms and businesses
Remember, that was a terrible thing
People were fighting for that, your family lost the farm, lost  53]
No, but it was a terrible thing
You'd pass away and your kids would get the farm, they'd go out and borrow a lot of money because the estate tax was massive
They'd put big mortgages on the farm, they'd lose the farm, they'd lose the business
You don't have that anymore
I saved the US auto industry by withdrawing from the last administration's job-killing catastrophe, the Trans-Pacific Partnership was a disaster
For half a century, Joe Biden shook hands with blue collar workers, and then he turned around and immediately stabbed them in the back
Biden supported NAFTA, China's entry into the World Trade Organization, TPP, the South Korea disaster deal and mass amnesty for illegal aliens
Think of it
But the big deal is, he's changed
He's changed
After 47 years I've changed
I swear to you I've changed
Did you see him in the debates? He was not too good, but that's okay
He was better against Bernie
Something's going on there, I don't know
You know what I'm talking about
But he was better against Bernie
But in the other debates, he was giving them everything they want
Free healthcare for people that come into the country illegally, colleges, everything
Now the new deal, under the new deal, they get lawyers
If they come in to our country illegally, we supply them with legal advice
You believe it lawyers? This is what we need, is more lawyers
This state lost 43% of all manufacturing jobs after the twin disasters of NAFTA and China's entrance into the World Trade Organization
That's courtesy of Biden and his friends
Earlier this year, I kept my promise to North Carolina when we ended the NAFTA nightmare and we signed the brand new US-Mexico-Canada Agreement into law, it's been incredible
Everyone said, Impossible
They all said it was impossible to get done, we got it done
And it's a great deal
And it prevents people, it prevents companies from fleeing your state, opening up in Mexico or Canada, making a product, selling it to us with It's such a disincentive to do that
Now that was the thing that was most important to me
I used to hate when I'd see all these companies leaving our country, going to Mexico in particular, but Canada also, a lot of them going to Canada and they'd make a product, everybody gets fired in our country, they close their business and they make the same product in a different country, they send it back to us, no tax at the border, no tariff, no nothing
It doesn't work that way anymore
I took the toughest ever action to stand up to China's pillaging, plundering, ransacking, and rampant theft of North Carolina jobs and US jobs
Joe Biden's agenda is made in China, my agenda is made in the USA
In the face of China's economic aggression, we provided a historic $28 billion in relief to our amazing farmers
I will always stand with American agriculture
These are the greatest people, the finest people, and we're not going to let others take advantage of them
For 20 years, for 20 years, you look at a chart, it's just been this way for 20 years
Now, it's going back up
I mean, it helped that I gave you $28 billion in all fairness, right? If I didn't do that, and I took it all from China, it was very easy
If I didn't do that, I think you wouldn't have any farmers right now
Really
It was a difference between having farmers that are doing well and having no farmers
28 billion over two years, they got hit one year, 16 billion, one year 12 billion
I said to Sonny Perdue, Secretary of Agriculture, great guy, an ex-farmer, governor of Georgia for eight years, great guy
I said, Sonny, how much are they being targeted for? He said, Sir, $12 billion for the year before, and last year sir was 16
So I said, 28, okay, that's fine
I said, We will give them 28 billion
They were unfairly targeted
And that was in order to get me, and by the way, China wants Joe Biden so badly
Oh, they want And you know who else would like them very badly? Iran would like them very badly
Because I ended that Iran catastrophe that we paid 150 billion and 1
8 billion, in cash
And you know what's going to happen? They're just waiting for the election because the country is going down the tubes
Their GDP went down 24%
Nobody ever heard of that before
Their country is in trouble
I don't want them to be in trouble, but they're going to wait till after the election
When I win the election, they're going to come to us and make a deal so fast
Watch how fast it'll be
They're dying to make a deal, but they do want to wait
Let's wait two months, maybe we'll get lucky
Maybe we're going to get lucky and Slow Joe gets in and we're going to make a great deal
No, there'll be in immediately after the election and they'll make a deal, we'll make a fair deal with them
But what Obama did and Biden did with that horrible Iran deal
I ended last administration's war on American energy
Biden has pledged to end production of American oil shale, clean coal, no fracking, wiping out millions of jobs and forcing us to buy energy from foreign polluters
We don't want to buy energy
We've done that for a long time, for decades and decades
We don't want to do that anymore
I like being energy independent, don't you? And I'm sure that most of you notice when you go to fill up your tank of gas in your car, oftentimes it's below $2
You said, How the hell did this ever happen? Thank you President Trump
Right? Thank you President Trump And look at your electric bills, everything else
These guys, your electric would go up four, five, six times
The Green New Deal, it's called the green new nightmare
While I'm president, America will remain the number one producer of oil and natural gas on earth and we will remain energy independent
It should be for many, many years to come
Because the fact is, we don't have to be in the Middle East other than we want to protect Israel
We've been very good to Israel
But other than that, we don't have to be in the Middle East
We don't need There was a time we needed desperately, we don't need that anymore
We have more than they do, isn't that nice? After years of rebuilding other countries, we are finally building our country
America first
It's America first
To bring hope to our inner cities, I created opportunities zones
I worked with Senator Tim Scott of South Carolina, what a great guy
He has passed criminal justice reform, prison reform, delivered permanent funding for Historically Black Colleges and Universities that Obama never did, or couldn't do
And Biden
I call it Obiden
O Biden
It's too long to say Obama and Biden, just call it Obiden
And before the China virus, we achieved the lowest African American, Hispanic American, Asian American unemployment rates ever recorded
And we're heading back to that level rapidly
Biden spent the last 47 years betraying African American voters
He betrayed them
Look at 1994, take a look at that
He betrayed them, what he did to them
He closed the factories in Baltimore and sent them to Beijing
They were all sent to Beijing
So many people went there
They went to all parts of the world, but a lot went to Beijing
He shattered the plants in Chicago and sent them to Shanghai
Unlike the previous administration, under my administration we put America first
And actually, if we weren't interrupted with constant investigations that went nowhere
And nobody has been through what I've been through as president of the United States, nobody
They used to say Abraham Lincoln got the worst press
I said, There's no way he got worse than me
But Lincoln was very, very badly treated by the fake news
Maybe in his case, it was real
I can tell you, in my case, it's fake
It's totally fake
But nobody's been and should never be allowed to happen again
Let's see what happens
We caught them cold
Let's see what happens
But if we didn't have to That takes time, and energy, and all other things
31]
She could have said, Okay
She could have said, You got me
But she said, I got set up by the beauty parlor owner, who happens to be a Trump person by the way
I like the beauty parlor owner
She said, I got set up by the owner of the beauty parlor
She set me up
I said, How are you going to deal with Putin, Kim Jong-un, and President Xi of China? No, it's terrible, she's always preaching about the mask
You got to wear the mask at all times, indoor, outdoor
When you go to bed at night, put the mask on
I've spent the last four years keeping my promises and delivering for the African American community and when I'm reelected the best is yet to come
I'll tell you that
Perhaps in no area have our opponents more thoroughly betrayed working families of all backgrounds than on the subject of immigration
Under my administration, we've achieved the most secure border in American history
Now, I have to tell you the 300 miles of wall helps a lot
Remember they said, Walls are old fashioned
They don't work
Really? I always say, and I've said it four or five times
I'll say it again if you'd like me to, two things if you come back in a thousand years, 2000 years, or 3000 years
If you're lucky enough, assuming we have something with the world is a crazy place, isn't it? But if you come back in a thousand years, there are two things, with all the computers, and all the everything changes every day, you invent a new cell, you invent a new laptop
Everything is obsolete like about two weeks after you invent it, right? Two things that will never get obsolete, the wall and the wheel, right? The wheel and the wall
Maybe I'm wrong, who knows? But I would say walls and wheels have a great future
We ended catch and release, stopped asylum fraud, and we've deported 20,000 gang members, including the radical MS-13
We invested $2
5 trillion in the United States Military, all made in the USA by the way, We have the newest, finest military we've ever had, and gave our great warriors their largest pay raises in many, many decades
We passed VA Choice and VA Accountability which everybody said could not happen, and veterans satisfaction with the VA has just reached 91%, the highest satisfaction level in history
I withdrew from the last administration's disastrous Iran nuclear deal as I said, and I kept my promise and recognized the true capital of Israel and opened the United States embassy in Jerusalem
And then I recognized Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights, and we achieved the first breakthrough in the Middle East peace for many, many decades, decades
Even the New York Times said that was an amazing achievement
Do you believe that? I said, Let me see that one
Now we did something that nobody thought was possible
Man, it's Israel, as you see, and as you've read, Israel and UAE, highly respected leader, Mohammed, highly, highly respected, and now we have other countries in the Middle East
They all want to come in
It's going to be a beautiful picture, going to be a beautiful picture
We killed the vicious founder and leader of ISIS, al-Baghdadi, we killed him
Why didn't Biden get him?k They were after him for eight years, they never got him, I got him
The world's number one terrorist and the mass murderer of American crews, Qasem Soleimani, we got him too
Soleimani
Al-Baghdadi and Soleimani, the two worst terrorists in the world for many, many years, many decades
We kept America out of new wars and we're bringing our troops back home
We're bringing them back home from all these far away places
We spend hundreds of billions of dollars, and what do we get out of it? Biden voted for the Iraq war, he supported the defense sequester that gutted our military, he opposed the mission to take out Osama bin Laden, he opposed the killing of Soleimani, he oversaw the rise of ISIS, and for eight years he couldn't find or kill al-Baghdadi, the founder of ISIS
Couldn't find him, they looked, they couldn't find him
I found him and we hit him good
We hit him good
And you saw the Mueller family on television
You saw that at the convention, what al-Baghdadi did with their beautiful daughter, and incredible how our troops handled that
You should see it, it was incredible
Biden also cheered the rise of China as a positive development, positive development for America and for the world
How are we doing with China? We just have the plague, we've had other plagues sent by them
I wonder if they did it on purpose, what do you think? I got to tell you, I was sailing to an easy election
This was going to be so easy
I probably would have not been here tonight
I would have said, No, we don't have to bother
This is going to be And now we have to work against a guy that doesn't know where he is, I can't believe it
When I banned travel from China, Biden called it hysterical and xenophobic
Do you remember that? I banned it
Everybody told me, No, no, no, you don't have to do that
But I said, We have to because Wuhan is very infected and they're coming here, so I banned it
Later on it was said to be a great move
If we had listened to Joe, hundreds of thousands more Americans would have died
If Biden wins, China will own America, and it won't take long, with his son, Hunter walking out with all of that money with no experience whatsoever, no investmentHe didn't even have a job
Joe Biden is weak and will always cave to China who is strong
When the virus arrived, we launched the largest national mobilization since World War II
We're delivering life-saving therapies and we have achieved some of the great numbers
The case fatality rates, we have the lowest of any major country in the world
People don't know that because the fake news doesn't want to write about it
Under Operation Warp Speed, we're producing a vaccine in record time
This is a vaccine that we're going to have very soon, very, very soon, by the end of the year, but much sooner than that, perhaps
And this is something that's incredible
This would have taken two or three years by the last administration, and in all fairness, by most other administrations
We have upped it to a level that nobody even believes is possible, and totally safe
Joe Biden and Kamala Harris, rated the most liberal, are undermining science and risking countless lives with their reckless anti-vaccine rhetoric
That's what they're talking about
So now they know we have it
It's only a question of weeks or a small amount of time
So instead of saying, That's a great thing
We're going to save lives, they're trying to disparage it, they're trying to make it politics
They're trying to do so
And now what's going to happen is we'll have it, and people won't want to take it
That's really bad
Okay? That's really bad
But the Biden-Harris effort to spread anti-vaccine conspiracy theories only because they know we're close to putting it out, getting it out, and we're going to get it out fast
The vaccine will be safe
These are the greatest companies in the world to do this, the greatest labs, the greatest doctors, it'll be effective and it'll be delivered before the end of the year
And maybe as I said, much sooner than that
Joe Biden's plan to impose a blanket shutdown would collapse our economy and cause countless deaths from suicide, drugs, alcohol abuse, heart disease, and much more
And that's what you're in right now
You're in a shutdown
It's crazy
I've been to many states, they're not in shutdowns and they're doing better
They're doing better
Somebody's got to speak to this man, Dan
Maybe you got to talk to him, Dan
Go in a little early and say, You don't know what the hell you're doing? You don't know what you're doing
They're hurting our people
North Carolina has to open up
By contrast, my administration is following the science, protecting those at highest risk while allowing those at lower risk to safely return to work and to school, go back to school, go back to school
You ever see the statistics on young people? I don't know
They have a great immune system
Let's get some of that immune system, but they're amazing
I mean, thousands and thousands of people and they're not even affected, very little meaning a small percentage of 1%
It's an incredible thing
Nobody knew that when it first came here, nobody assumed a thing like that was possible
But young people are very strong against this horrible disease
Through our historic China virus relief programs, we've saved more than 1
3 million jobs for North Carolina workers
That worked out great
We provided $380 million in relief for North Carolina farmers and made $10 million in PPP loans to save-  And made $10 million in PPP loans to save your state's tobacco growers
We saved your tobacco growers
We have them very much in our sites
We want to help them
The Biden agenda would crush this comeback and put our families in grave danger
Biden is promising to reimpose job-destroying regulations
We got rid of more regulations, he wants to put those regulations back plus 50%
You couldn't build a road
We took roads from 18, 19, and even 20 years approval down to two and we'll have it down to one
You may get rejected for a highway or for a road, but you're going to know in the period of 12 months to 24 months
You're not going to spend an entire lifetime and then have them raise their hand
I know all about it from the real estate business, we brought it all the way down
He wants to give illegal aliens government healthcare and taxpayer funded lawyers, establish a national sanctuary city policy for illegal aliens with criminal records
You wouldn't believe
I mean, this stuff is not even really believable, but it is what it is
He wants to surge refugee admissions by 700% into our country
Flooding your towns with poorly vetted migrants, including many from jihadist regions of the world
Biden opposes school choice, he opposes North Carolina opportunity scholarships
And he has stated that if he is elected, charter schools are gone
He said, they're gone
And they've been incredible
In the second term I'll provide school choice to every parent in America
And we'll also take good care of our teachers
Our teachers are very, very important to me
Very important, nothing more important
A vote for Republicans is a vote for safe communities, great jobs, and a limitless future for all Americans
And just in finishing, I have to say that over the next four years, we will make America into the manufacturing superpower of the world
And we will end our reliance on China once and for all
We'll make our medical supplies right here in the United States
We will enact fair trade deals that create American jobs and grow American wages
We are going to bring our companies back home where they should be
I've been doing a lot of it, but we are going to do it at a level that nobody ever thought possible
We will rapidly return to full employment, soaring wages, and record prosperity
We will hire more police, increased penalties for assaults or law enforcement, surge, federal prosecutors into high crime communities and ban all sanctuary cities
We will protect government benefits for American citizens, not for illegal aliens
What you're doing when you have all of these advantages, when you're giving them free healthcare, and free lawyers, and free college, and free everything, they all come
They didn't think of coming, but they see this, they talk and they talk to their friends and they all come in
They want to come to America
You're just bringing people in and we don't want to do that
We want people to come to our country, but they have to come in through merit and they have to come in legally, very simple
We will appoint prosecutors, judges, and justices who believe in enforcing the law, not their own political agenda
We will ensure equal justice for the citizens of every race, color, religion, and creed
We will defend the dignity of work and the sanctity of life
We will uphold religious liberty, free speech, and the right to keep and bear arms
We will strike down terrorists to threaten our citizens and we will keep America out of endless ridiculous foreign wars
We'll build up our military like it's never been built up before
We need our military for other reasons
We will have the strongest we have now
When I took over, our military was depleted
We have a lot of military people here
Our military was depleted, our planes were 50 years old
Now you have brand new, beautiful F35s, we have brand new rockets and missiles
And hopefully we never have to use them, I will say that
But the best way of not having to use them is to have them
If you have them We learned that in the school yards, right? We learned that in the school yards, the best way is to have them
We have the strongest military we've ever had by far
We'll end surprise medical billing require, price transparency, which I've already signed into law, which by the way, kicks in on January 1st
You better elect me North Carolina
I did price transparency and I've cut the price
Drugs are going to start going down at levels nobody's ever seen favored nations
So we did price transparency, kicks in January 1st
Could you imagine if this guy's president and your prices start to go way down, hospitalization, doctors, you can choose your own doctor unlike with Obama, right? Price is going way down, January 1st
I said, couldn't you start it sooner, but statutorily that's when it had it start
Could you imagine if this guy's in and prices start dropping like a rock? And they'll say, What a great president he is
He would have never done it
And your drug prices, prescription drug, I'm instituting favorite nations laws
So we're going to pay what other nations pay at the lowest
And you'rr going to get back rebates that were given to middlemen who have to be the richest people in the world
We'll protect medicare and social security, and we will protect your social security
And we will always protect patients with preexisting conditions, always
America will land the first woman on the moon and the United States will be the first nation to land an astronaut on Mars
Very exciting
And I will reopen NASA
That place was gone
They had grass growing out of the runways, you had to see it
Now it's the number one space center in the world by far
You see what's going on
We will restore patriotic education to our schools
Oh, you know what I'm talking about
Look at you
This is a very sophisticated group, Tom
You know what I'm talking about, patriotic education
Well, the first thing they do is they want to take your history away
That's a great group behind me
I don't know
They're activists
But you know what? You know what it means, they want to take away your history
That's why the monuments and the statutes, they want to knock them down
The first thing they do is take away your guts
It's guts
They take away your guts, they take away your statues, they take away your heroes
They take away your great generals
They take away your past
And I said, it was going to happen
I said, You know what? They started off with generals and colonels and others that nobody ever heard of
And I thought that was bad
And then they went up a little bit and now I said, Someday it's going to be Robert Lee, someday it's going to be Washington, someday it's going to be Lincoln
Someday it's going to be Jefferson, someday it's going to be Benjamin Franklin
It's all of them
They take away your past
They never taken away our past
That's the way they do it
You study it
That's the way they go
They take away your guts
We'll teach our children to love our country, honor our history, and always respect our great American flag
And we will live by the timeless words of our national motto, In God we trust
This is better than the arenas, I have to say, especially when you have a crowd like this
But they're like this
They have such spirit in this country
People love our country so much
I went to Texas, I went to Ohio, I went to Florida, it's always like this
They love our country and we're not going to disappoint anybody
We're not disappointed
For years you had a president who apologized for America So you had a president who apologized for America, now you have a president who is standing up for America and standing up for the people of North Carolina
This is the most important election in the history of our country
I wouldn't say that lightly
And frankly, I thought the last one was, and I said it, but they've gone to a level that nobody even thought possible
These people have gotten stone cold, crazy
And you know what? After we get in, we're going to have tremendous success
And it was building
We were at a point, we were so successful before the plague came in from China
We were so successful that we were starting to get together
People forget
We were starting Success brings people together
It was so good
Our jobs numbers were so good
And whether it was the Black community, the Hispanic community, the Asian community, our jobs were so good, our numbers were so good
We were getting together and then the plague came in and we had to stop
We had to close it up
We had to open it and start all over again
If you would have told me that we have one of the highest stock market, some of the stock markets have already broken every record
You look at NASDAQ, you look at some We're far ahead of what I had planned
We're far ahead of schedule
But we did it once, we have to do it again because this was an unforeseen event, a terrible event, a horrible event
So many people died
Nobody should have died, not one person
So many people died, but if we didn't do it right, we would have lost millions of people
Just a terrible thing
But oftentimes I say, bring people together
And then I realized, if you look at that last few months, we were starting to come together
I was getting calls from, you won't believe it, Democrats
I was getting calls from Democrats and they were saying, Wow, things are going really well
It was starting to happen and now we have to get it back to a level of great success because it'll happen again
There'll be great unity, eventually there'll be great unity
So get your friends, and get your family, get your neighbors, and your coworkers and vote
And I say this because it's from Charlotte to Kitty Hawk, from Durham to Asheville, and from Wilmington to right here in Winston-Salem
We inherit the legacy of North Carolina Patriots who gave their blood, sweat, and tears for this beloved nation
We stand on the shoulders of American heroes who crossed the oceans, blaze the trails, settle the continent, tame the wilderness, dug out the Panama canal, laid down the railroads, revolutionized industry, one, two world Wars, defeated fascism and communism, and made America the single greatest nation in the history of the world
And we are making it greater than ever before
Proud and great citizens like you helped build this country and together we are taking back our country
We are returning power to you, the American people
With your help, your devotion, and your drive, we are going to keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting, and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning
We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God
And together with the incredible people of North Carolina, we will make America wealthy again, we will make America strong again, we will make America proud again, we will make America safe again, and we will make America great again
Thank you North Carolina
Thank you

Oh, thank you very much, everybody
Thank you
Well, thank you very much
Thank you very much
And considering that we caught President Obama and sleepy Joe Biden, spying on our campaign, treason, will probably be entitled to another four more years after that
I wanted to thank you, and Art and Brandon, you're incredible
I've known you now a long time
Right from the beginning, we had the chemistry, we had that good chemistry Oh, sit down
It's 122 degrees in this place
And we have our great Governor
Governor, can we make it a little bit, just a little
This is like a test
You think Joe Biden could do this? I don't think so
So I'm thrilled to be in Yuma, Arizona To proudly accept the endorsement of the National Border Patrol Council, that's a big deal
And they are great friends of mine
And we're building the wall
Next week, we'll be up to 300 miles of incredible wall
And our numbers are the best
We are very tough at the border
When people want to come in, for our farmers, et cetera, et cetera, we're not going to hurt our farmers, but we've never had better numbers than we have right now
And that's been helped because we're at a little bit over 280 miles right now, we have never been helped like this
Wall, there are two things, in a thousand years you can come back, two things will never, with technology it's obsolete before you even put it in the box, but two things never get old wheels and walls
Wheels and wall
If you come back in a thousand years, you'll say, Well, we still have wheels in walls
And that's the only thing you'll recognize
The National Border Patrol Council is the official union representing the incredible heroes of the United States Border Patrol
They've been my friends from the beginning
To every border agent, and I just met some unbelievable people backstage, these are great people, and every family member here today, you have earned the everlasting gratitude of our nation
And I want to thank you very much
Thank you very much
As you know, better than anyone, the survival of our nation is at stake in this election
And I will tell you, I never thought I'd say it because we had a great election
We had a great election a little while ago
Four years ago, I never thought I'd say anything could compete with 2016
This election that we're going into is the most important election in the history of our country, because we had crooked Hillary, but this is something, these people are sick
And we have to make sure that this radical left socialist and beyond, because this is beyond socialism, that it doesn't happen, or we will indeed have Venezuela on steroids
So we can't do it
Most important election, November 3rd, get out and vote
Joe Biden is the puppet of the radical left wing movement that seeks the complete elimination of America's borders and boundaries
They want to take the wall down, they don't want to have borders, they want to have sanctuary cities, lots of bad things they want
Following orders from his boss
I guess his new boss is Bernie Sanders
Can you believe that? Crazy Bernie
Joe Biden has pledged to abolish immigration enforcement, suspend all removals, provide free government healthcare, and they want to give it to illegal aliens
You don't get it
Restore, catching and release
Shield violent criminal aliens
This is what they want to do
And give every illegal alien on the planet earth a free ticket to invent an asylum claim, and gain automatic admission into our country
We will have people coming into our country that never even thought of it before
You get free education, you get free healthcare, why wouldn't they come? Let's go to America
The Biden plan would unleash a flood of illegal immigration like the world has never seen
It's crazy
Biden's plan is the most radical, extreme, reckless, dangerous, and deadly immigration plan ever put forward by a major party candidate
It must be defeated, and it will be defeated on November 3rd
It will be defeated
At last night's Democrat convention, which by the way, got very bad ratings, I have to tell you
Unity
They talk about unity
They want to bring unity
And then you listen to Michelle Obama's speech, which was obsolete by the time it got there
She taped it
No, she taped the speech
It was obsolete
She must have taped it about three weeks before
I'm speaking next Thursday, maybe I'll tape it
But I don't think that goes
That's so much nicer, to tape it, you do it, nice air conditioned room
And she not only taped it, but tell me when you hear a divisive speech They talk about me as being a divider
I'm not a divider
I bring people together
We were bringing people together
We were bringing people together, like never before
Success was bringing everyone together, and then we got hit with the China virus, but we were bringing people together
But one of the opening speakers last night said that America will go to hell if we don't have open borders
Think of that
Go to hell
When a country doesn't have borders, you don't have a country
Today, a Democrat speaker at the convention said, We're talking about abolishing the police, we're talking about abolishing ICE, we're talking about abolishing prisons
Biden's campaign has turned into a cult for open border and others Zealots
By the way, they want to double and triple your taxes, they want to increase regulations, they want to spend very little money on our vets, after we took care of our vets better than anyone's
91% approval rate
And they want to spend much less on our military, we've totally rebuilt
Two and a half trillion dollars, we've totally rebuilt our military
Bernie Sanders declared, in his speech, many of the ideas that just a few years ago were considered radical, are now mainstream
That's Bernie Sanders
Because Joe, he doesn't know where he is
But if he did, he's been brought so far left that our country will not be the country that we know
It will have problems, it will go down
Your stocks will be gone, your 401ks will disappear
And right now, who has the 401k? And then the rest of you, many of you have stocks, and you do it a different way
That will go down 50, 60, 70%, 80%
And if you held on, like I said to do, we went down a little while we got hit with a virus
Now, NASDAQ just broke an all time record
SNP, just broke an all time record
Socialism is the mainstream of the Biden campaign and it's not the mainstream of America
Remember I said, we will never have a socialist country
On November 3rd
The people of Arizona, our great state, we love Arizona
I won it last time, by a lot
And I hear we're going to win it by even more this time
Don't forget, last time I talked, I said we're going to give you a tax cuts, I gave you
I said, we're going to give you a massive regulation cuts
Give you your tax cuts, I gave them to you
I said we're going to give you massive regulation cuts, we're going to give you great everything
We even did Right to Try medicine
You know all about that
We did things that I didn't even talk about it, we did
We did a thing called the Space Force
You never heard me talking about
I'm the only candidate that gave you more than I promised in the campaign
It's true
I'm the only one ever, maybe ever
Or we'll head to the polls and together we'll stop the left and win four more years in the White House
We're joined today by some incredible people, friends of mine, great, great people
And I want to congratulate your governor because we had a spike and he knocked that spike out so fast
I don't know
Are you sure you even had a spike? Doug Ducey, a great governor, great man, and a somebody that won by about 16 or 17 points
That's not so bad
And I think you're more popular today
What a job you've done
Thank you very much, Doug
A friend of mine and somebody who's a great fighter pilot, and I had a lot of people tell me she could really wheel the Warthog, right? The Warthog
She said, I love that plane, but she was a great, great fighter pilot, one of the best they were telling me
This was a group and they knew a very well
A lot of friends you have
And specifically she said, Could you extend that plane? That's the best plane
It never breaks down
It just is a winner
But Martha McSally is an extraordinary person, and she's fighting for us, and she's helping us, and we have to bring her into the center
Thank you, Martha
And she's running against a gentlemen who is, when you read what he's done, when you read what he said about the second amendment and about all other things, you're not going to want to vote for
You're not going to want to have them play with your second amendment
I'll tell you what
If I weren't President, I don't believe, Doug, you'd have a second amendment right now
I don't think you'd have
The pressure that was put on to get rid of it, or to basically obliterate it, make it so it's meaningless
You will always have the right to bear arms
You will always have that
A few friends of mine who are warriors
Paul Gosar
Paul
Where's Paul? Paul, stand up
Will you? Paul Gosar
Thank you, Paul
Appreciate
Great job you're doing
These are warriors
They really are
When they went and they tried to make a play at your President, they had to get through the House
What were we? 197 and nothing
That's never happened before
Everybody came together
The Republicans came
Other than Mitt Romney, one half a vote
One half a brain
Another friend of mine and incredible fighter, and somebody that loves his state, and I'll tell you, the Freedom Caucus, right? And we have a man named Andy Biggs here
He's a fighter
He's a fighter
And he loves our vets, and he loves our military, and you love our second amendment, right? And we're not going to do anything with it
They will destroy that second amendment
Just remember I said it, but you're not going to have to worry about it because it's not going to happen
A woman who really distinguished herself, she became a star
She became a star overnight
There was nobody tougher
There was nobody smarter
There was nobody better than Debbie Lesko
Great job, Debbie
Thank you
We want her on our side
Right fellas? We got to have her on our side
Also, thanks to Arizona Republican party chairman, I knew this was going to happen
I knew that she was going
She never stops
She never gives up
Kelly Ward
Kelly, thank you
Thank you, Kelly
Great job you're doing
Are we winning? Okay, good
I think we are
That's what they say
We better win
If we don't win, this country is in big trouble
Big trouble
Also a great friend of all of ours, former State Treasurer of Arizona, Jeff DeWitt
Thank you Jeff
And a man who didn't choke under pressure
I don't even know if he's here
I think he might be here
He never choked
He kicked for 11 years
You know what that is? You ever see a golfer
They miss a three footer
They miss a three footer
They can't take it back
They choke, choke, choke
Well, kickers are the same
Right? NFL kickers
This guy lasted 11 years
He's one of the best kickers ever
NFL kicker, Jay Feely
Where's Jay? Where is Jay? He's here someplace
Where is he? Jay? What happened? You couldn't get a good seat, Jay
I remember the 61 yarder
That was a heartbreaker
Right? But the only thing is, I'll bet you this man would stand, only stand, for our National Anthem
That's one thing
That's one thing I can tell you
And if they don't stand for our flag, if they don't stand for our National Anthem, I turn off the game
Other than that, I'd like to watch, but I turn off the game
And by the way, I thought they learned that lesson a little while ago
I thought they learned that lesson two years ago, but maybe not, but they will
They'll learn it again
This time it'll go even faster
For decades, Washington politicians like Biden allowed an endless supply of illegal foreign labor to decimate American jobs and wages
Also, the crime was incredible what happened
They allowed criminal gangs to menace, maim and terrorize innocent citizens
They came in
They would maim and terrorize, and we have done something with our border patrol
And by the way, ICE, ICE is great
ICE has taken out thousands and thousands of MS-13, and you don't want the job
There's some tough people here
None of you want the job
It's a tough job, but they like it, and they're great Patriots, and they've done a fantastic job
They ceded control of the border to the most dangerous and ruthless cartels on earth
This is what would happen
They have ceded
And what we've done, did you ever notice the caravans? What happened? Debbie, there are no more caravans
What happened? What happened to the caravans? They don't come up anymore
The caravans don't come up
You know, we were paying hundreds of millions of dollars to Honduras, Guatemala, El Salvador, hundreds of millions
And I said, Well, why are we doing that? And they wouldn't take
When we caught a murderer and we wanted to bring it back to one of those countries, they wouldn't take him
And they wouldn't take him under the Obama administration
So we got stuck with them because they'd fly in
They'd say, Don't land your plane
And I said something very simple
I said, That's okay
We don't have to do that
We're not going to pay you anymore
We stopped payment
We stopped payment
It's amazing how that works, Doug
Right? We stopped payment and they called
They said, We'd love to take them
We'd be honored to take them
So we take them back by the thousands, by the thousands
They let lethal poisonous drugs pour freely into our schools and our communities, but no more
It's not happening anymore
The cruel and heartless portrayal of the American people ended the day I took the oath of office, and now that we have more than half of the wall built, and do you notice they don't talk about the wall anymore
They don't talk
Why don't you talk? I went, Look at all those people back there
That's called fake news, fake news
Look at them
It's the fake news
They don't talk about the wall anymore
See, we won
We got the wall
It's going to be up to 300 next week and it's going to be finished very soon
And as soon as we want, all of a sudden, they never talk about it
But you know where I talk about it? Numbers
The numbers are so good
The numbers are so low
We've never had numbers like this because that big portion of wall already built, you don't get through it
You can't get through it
You can climb Mount Everest, and you're going to have an awful hard time getting over that sucker
I stood up to the lobbyists
Everybody fought us, the Democrats, everyone
I fought the special interests
I kept every single promise that I made, and now I'm doing it with the drug companies
I just created Favorite Nation
So if a nation buys it for less and they buy it for a fraction of what we pay, the drug companies have to sell it to us for the same price
And they're spending so much
They're spending millions of dollars on advertising
Anytime you see an ad from a drug company, and they're rich, the farmer, it's called Big Farmer, the number one lobbyist
They spend millions and millions, hundreds of millions of dollars online
Anytime you see, anytime at all, you see an ad by Big Farmer against me, you know your drug prices are coming down
That's what it is
They're not happy
And we're giving the rebate that creates tremendous wealth for the middle man, the rebate
It's going to the people now
We're bringing the rebate and it's going to the people
They are not happy
I have a lot of people in that industry do not like me too much
But you are going to get 50
You are going to get, and the Democrats would never do it, Biden would never do it because he doesn't understand it, but they would never do it
They would in a million years, they wouldn't do it
It took a lot of guts to do it
I had a lot of people, a lot of good politicians go, Sir, I don't think you should do it
I wonder why you're saying that, but we did it
We're going to have drug prices reduced over a very short period of time, by not 2%, and last year they went down a little bit, first time in 51 years that drug prices went down but a little bit, we're going to have prices dropping 50, 60, and even 70%
Drugs
About time
And I'm proud to say that they've achieved the most secure border, our border patrol, in the history of the United States of America
We now have the most secure border we've ever had and it's only going to get better
And we want people to come in, but we want them to come in through merit, right? And we want people-  people to come in, but we want them to come in through merit, right? And we want people that are going to come in and are going to love for our country, not hate our country
Here in Yuma, Arizona, we've invested over $1
7 billion and poured 180,000 cubic yards, that's a lot of concrete, to build 108 miles of powerful border wall
I know who's going to vote for me
I don't know though, I think I'm going to win Yuma
What do you think, Doug? I think, when I hear those numbers, when we hear those numbers, we're winning
We're going to win Yuma big
Now you see it and you see what's going up and it's an incredible structure, all capable, all wired up for cameras, for everything you can have
Technology is incredible
In total, I've already completely planned for the final execution, we're going to have, by the end of the year, everything that we said is going to be built
We may actually build some more in some soft areas that we've noticed over the last two years
So we actually may put up some additional, but we will have it completed, everything we said, by the end of the year and nobody thought that was possible
And we've reduced illegal border crossings by 60% since this time last year
And if we keep going at the rate, it'll be about 85% in about two months
So it's a great honor
And you know what? Your community is much safer, you see the difference, it's a much safer place to be
But more important than these numbers is the fact that we've ended catch and release
You know what catch and release is? These great men and women catch somebody, maybe a murderer, maybe a rapist, maybe a trafficker, they catch somebody, take his name, take his number and they release them into our country
And they say, Come back in four years, you have a trial
No more
We take them out
We bring them out
And nobody said that was possible because I couldn't have gotten it through the Democrats because they don't like that
So we have people coming in to this country, some great people, some really bad people too
And I mean murders and I mean rapist, I mean really bad people and they don't get in and they don't get back
When we bring them back to their country, could be Mexico also, they don't come back
Under the Obama Biden, I call it OBiden, Under the OBiden administration, our agents were ordered to ignore the law and release illegal aliens by the hundreds of thousands
And by the way, Mark Morgan, where's the great Mark Morgan? He's around here someplace
Mark Morgan has been so incredible, one of our executives, he said, We never built the cages
Those cages were built in 2014 by Obama
We never the cages, they were built by Obama and the fake news is constantly saying that I built cages for children
I didn't build them
They were built in 2014
There was a headline in Time magazine about the cage and somebody called in that built it
They said, He didn't build it, we built that for the Obama administration
But they don't stop, they keep calling it, they say I built the cages
You'll hear it in one of the debates
They'll say, You built cages president
I said, No, I didn't build cages
That was built by Obama
Under the Trump administration, if you cross our border illegally, you are quickly apprehended and swiftly returned back home
We are proudly defending the job safety and security of the American people, which is what I promised to do
Nobody told me it was going to be this hard
Nobody told me I was going to have the Democrats go totally crazy
This was like a life and death war
You know why they don't talk about it anymore? Because they know it's bad politics, because they know having a wall, they can't win that one
So they just say, Let's forget it ever happened
' Because we won and they say, Let's forget
They don't want to talk about it
That includes the millions of incredible Hispanic Americans who follow our laws, uplift our community and protect our nation, in uniform
Half of all border patrol agents are Hispanic Americans, I was just with them
And today I salute each and every one of those true American heroes and that's what they are
And nobody understands the border better than Hispanics
They know what's good, what's bad
They don't want bad people coming into our country, taking their jobs, taking their homes, causing crime
Hispanic Americans are the people that are most in favor of what we're doing on the border because they understand it
They understand it better than anybody
With the help of these patriots, we've stopped the rampant asylum fraud, shut down the human smugglers and we're finding the drug dealers, traffickers, predators, and we're throwing them to hell in jail or sending them back home
MS-13, for the first time that you've ever seen this, MS-13 is totally on the run
Many of its leaders are right now behind bars and we're deporting its members in record numbers we've never reported
I can't believe how many there are
But if Biden wins, it will be a giant jail break for MS-13 and vicious criminal gangs
China wants him to win so badly
Iran wants him to win so badly
When we win, I'll have a deal with the red within a month, watch, because they're dying to make a deal
But that last hope that Biden will win, they will own our country, China, they will own our country
We made such a great deal
Last week they had the largest order of corn in the history of our country, the largest single order
Then they did it again
You know why they're doing that? Because they know I'm angry, because they know I don't care so much anymore
We made a great trade deal, but I don't care
But it shows you how smart they are, Doug
Another with normal brain power, they'd say, Well, I'm not going to buy any more corn
That's good
And we'll just decouple, thank you very much
But they go the opposite
They buy so much, good record numbers, soybeans record numbers
Last week, biggest ever, 42% of our farmers crop is now China, over the last little while
You know why? Because they don't want bad things to happen, that's why
So they're very smart
When I have every farmer in the country calling and saying, Please don't do anything
They're very, very smart, but we can never forget what China did to this country and did to the world
The historic achievements that I've discussed today are only a slim fraction of the extraordinary accomplishment that we've all done together in the last four years
Here's just a short list of our landmarks
Really they are landmarks, true landmarks
We instituted a national security travel ban on the world's most dangerous regions, including jihadist regions, keeping terrorists and extremists out of our country
Everyone said, Oh, that's so bad
Remember when they said, Oh, that's so bad
I don't think it's so bad at all
We won the travel ban
The fake news said we didn't because we lost in the lower court, we lost in the second court and we won in the Supreme court
So they said we lost
Can you believe it? They said we lost Debbie, because we lost the first two, but we won in the Supreme court, so they said, They lost
I guess, technically they're right, we lost when it didn't matter
But we have it
We have a great travel ban now for countries that are not countries where we want the people coming in
Over the last three years, ICE officers have made over 380,000 arrests of aliens with criminal records, including those charged or convicted of over 145,000 assaults, 40,000 sex crimes and 5, 800 murders
Over the last three years, border patrol and ICE have seized over two million pounds of fentanyl, heroin, meth, and other deadly narcotics
And you see it all the time
We stripped federal grant funding from deadly sanctuary cities
They want to have a sanctuary city, not going to be like the old days
We canceled the lawless policies of the previous administration and empowered border agents and ICE officers to do their jobs and proudly enforce the laws of the United States of America
We removed 20,000 gang members, including 4,500, MS-13
That's pretty good
Who would ever think there's that many? I entered into three landmark agreements with Honduras and El Salvador and Guatemala to end the abuse of the asylum system
We cut down that payment that I was talking about substantially and they're still very happy and they are working with us very well and that includes Mexico
Right now, Mexico has 27,000 of their soldiers on our Southern border, helping us to guard our Southern border
And we're giving you the tools to do the job that you signed up for
That's what we've done
I entered into a historic partnership with Mexico, known as the migrant protection protocols, to safely return asylum seekers to Mexico, while awaiting hearings in the United States
You know about that
We had to have them in the United States and we captured them, we had to keep him here
I said, No, no, we don't want them here
We want them outside
We got sued all over the place that we won
So now they don't come into the United States, they can wait outside
For the first time ever, the United States is now exercising our full legal authority to expedited removal
We don't have to go through years and years of litigation
You need Perry Mason to try and win
We ended the Obama Biden policy of giving work permits to newly arriving, illegal aliens
Think of that one
We established the national vetting center, the most advanced visa screening system, anywhere in the world
We know so much about the people coming in
We know the good and we know the bad
We've suspended refugee
 Good and we know the bad
We've suspended refugee resettlements from the world's most dangerous regions, because nothing is more important than keeping America safe
To me, that's number one
We've made historic progress to crack down on visa overstays
You know all about that
They overstay for years
They say, Maybe a night, maybe two nights
Well, five years later, you catch them
No, we ended it
We issued strict sanctions on countries that failed to take back their own criminals
We have many countries beyond the four that I mentioned, the three plus one, many countries
They all take them back now
Before, they weren't taking them back at all
The last administration simply released these criminals
We're making sure they go home and we're making sure they stay home
We don't want them
We issued regulations to stop the horrible practice of birth tourism
You know what that is, right? Anchor babies, you know that, right? Anchor babies
Have a baby in our country and you stay for the rest of your life
Congratulations
You're a citizen for 90 years
Then you bring in your family
You bring in your family, right? No
No good
I implemented a historic public charge regulation to finally and fully enforce the federal requirement that newcomers to our country must be financially self-sufficient, they cannot accept welfare for at least five years
To protect our country and our agents during the pandemic, my administration took immediate action to ensure the safe and rapid return of all illegal aliens
We brought them back
We have very few in our country now
We brought them back, can you believe it? To protect US workers, I suspended the entry of low wage workers that threatened all of your jobs, American jobs, and we're finalizing the new H-1B regulations to permanently end the displacement of US workers
In January after the China virus, after the outbreak, after the outbreak, the China virus outbreak, it came from Wuhan, right? I swiftly implemented a travel ban on China and I was criticized
Biden, opposed the ban
He said, I oppose the ban
He had no idea what the hell he was doing
Why do you oppose it, Joe? I don't know
They told me to say that
If we had listened to Sleepy Joe Biden, hundreds of thousands of additional American lives would have been lost
We did a good thing
That was in January, I imposed it, very early
A month later, Pelosi and all these people said, Oh no, let people come in
We can't
We imposed it because China was heavily infected
Then I imposed it in Europe also, heavily infected with Italy and France and Spain
Compare our achievements with the insane and lethal policies that Biden and Bernie Sanders want
The entire Biden Harris
How about her? Is she a great one? Is she? By the way, you talk about guns
She wants no 2nd Amendment
She wants to raise your taxes to a level you'll be paying your government back for a long time
She is not the right pick, but she was my number one draft pick
They asked me that
Why do you think? I said, I'm very happy
They thought I was happy
They thought I was happy for him
No, I was happy for me
The Biden-Harris plan is a step by step recipe for abolishing America's borders
In the Biden, Bernie manifesto, Joe Biden, promises to restore and expand catch and release across the entire US border
You believe that? We just got rid of it
Free all illegal aliens from federal detention and close detention facilities, this would make removing illegal aliens totally impossible, and you would have murderers, killers, rapists in your midst
I don't think so
Immediately suspend all removals, triggering a tidal wave of, really a flood, if you think, a flood all across our border
End prosecution of illegal border crosses ensuring that illegal aliens will repeatedly reenter the country over and over again and terminate all protections we have enacted against asylum fraud
They want to do things that nobody thought was even possible to contemplate
Now, this is all simple and I really respect because so far I've only seen about four or five people go down
Because it is hot in here
But I will tell you this It's 120
You know what I said before? Think of yourself at a great spa, great sauna, where it's 120 degrees and we have to pay a lot of money to be there
You have to pay a lot of money
Getting off the border, getting off illegal protection, all of that, we are going to lower your taxes further
We gave you the biggest tax decrease in the history of The biggest tax decrease in the history of our country
We decreased your taxes more than anybody has ever done and we're doing more because that's going to spell growth and that's what happened
Companies are moving in like nobody has seen before
So we're doing that
Massive additional regulation cuts
We've cut regulations more than any president in the history of our country, whether it's four years, eight years, or in one case, more
I told you already, our military is the best it's ever been
It's got $2
5 trillion worth of new, beautiful jets and equipment and rockets and everything
Hopefully, we never have to use it
Our nuclear arsenal, and hopefully, hopefully we never have to even look at it, our nuclear arsenal is at a level that it's never ever been before, and we have to have it there, but we never want to use it
So we have done things not only on the border, the border is one element, and to me it's very important
Something that they always say about a president, the most important thing a president can do is the appointment of federal judges and supreme court justices
So by the end of our, of not my, our first term, we will have appointed 300 federal judges and appeals court judges, and two supreme court justices
When it comes to 2nd Amendment, when it comes to life, when it comes to a lot of things that you people live for, if you don't have the supreme court and if you don't have the courts in your side, you can forget it
The next president, I think, will pick two, three, or even four justices of the supreme court
They can be on the court for 40 to 50 years
You pick them young
They could be on there for 40 to 50 years
This is going to be the most consequential presidency
This is going to be the most important, and I never thought I'd say it because of what happened four years ago, this is going to be the most important election of your life
So I just want to Thank you
I just want to say stay healthy, stay sharp, be careful
Be very careful
Go out and work like hell
We need every single vote that we can get because it's probably going to be close
I always assume it's going to be close
They have these suppression, the fakers back there, they have the suppression polls where they interview many more Democrats than they do Republicans
Doug and I were talking about it and they take out registered voters
It's not registered
They say, Most likely to vote voters
That's what, most likely registered, they're dead, they're old, they're not going to go, they're not going to do anything
Be careful with your ballots, but get out there
November 3rd is the biggest date, one of the biggest dates in your life, in many cases, frankly, it's the most important date of your life
One other thing we've done lot
We've gotten rid of a lot of nonsense from Obama, like the Paris Accord that costs us tens of billions of dollars and gave us nothing
We've gotten rid of so many different things that you have no idea, but you know what? If we don't win, they can put it back, and with the things that we did put in, which are many, many, many things, many things, our military, our vets, everything, with all of the things that we put in, it's like a tree, it takes a little while to grab on
You transplant it
It's got to grab on
If we have four more years, there's nothing that they can do
Our country is sailing
our country is sailing
So Yuma, thank you very much
Arizona, thank you very much
Thank you for all your support
We love you
We will never ever let you down
We will never let you down
Governor, thank you
Martha, go out and win
Go out and win
Vote McSally
Thank you everybody

